---
title: Customize an app's workspace configuration in Creator Studio
description: Make changes to the app's workspace category where fulfillers review submitted requests from apps built in Creator Studio to adjust how it appears. For example, you can rearrange columns in its lists and customize how the record generated by the request app looks.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/application-development/creator-studio/creator-studio-edit-workspace.html
release: australia
product: Creator Studio
classification: creator-studio
topic_type: task
last_updated: "2026-03-12"
reading_time_minutes: 2
breadcrumb: [Configure workspace lists and records, Build apps, Creator Studio, Building no-code applications, Developing your application, Building applications]
---

# Customize an app's workspace configuration in Creator Studio

Make changes to the app's workspace category where fulfillers review submitted requests from apps built in Creator Studio to adjust how it appears. For example, you can rearrange columns in its lists and customize how the record generated by the request app looks.

## Before you begin

To customize how the app's workspace lists appear, you must be given permission to work on the app.

## Procedure

1.  Go to **All** &gt; **App Engine** &gt; **Creator Studio** to see all the apps on the Creator Studio home page.

2.  Open the app that contains the workspace list configuration that you want to edit.

3.  Select the **List configurations** section in the navigation panel.

    If you tested submitting a record using the **Try it** button, the workspace displays the generated records that you can view.

    \[Omitted image "crs-list-configs-whole.png"\] Alt text: Customize the workspace in the List configurations section

4.  Make the edits that you need to customize the workspace list configuration.

<table id="table_gsp_w3h_q1c"><thead><tr><th>

Update

</th><th>

Process

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

Edit the name of a filtered list

</td><td>

1.  Select the list in the list navigation panel.
2.  Update the **Name** of the list in the Filtered list details panel that appears.
3.  Select **Save**.


</td></tr><tr><td>

Manage columns to change which columns appear and the order they're displayed in

</td><td>

1.  Move columns from **Available columns** to **Selected columns** in the Manage columns dialog box.
2.  Drag to rearrange the columns.
3.  Save the update by selecting the **Apply** button.


</td></tr><tr><td>

Update the types of records that appear in a list

</td><td>

For example, you can select **Urgency** as the field and **High** as the value to have the list show only urgent records. For more information, see [Create a condition statement using the condition builder](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/platform-user-interface/configure-user-experiences/create-cond-state-using-cond-build.md).1.  Select **Modify conditions** in the Filtered list details panel.
2.  Use the condition builder to update what types of records the list should contain.
3.  Save the update by selecting the **Apply** button.


</td></tr><tr><td>

Delete a list

</td><td>

1.  Hover over the list you want to delete in the list navigation panel.
2.  Select the delete icon that appears \(\[Omitted image "Form\_DeleteIcon.png"\] Alt text: Icon to delete the list\).
3.  Confirm the deletion in the modal that appears by selecting the **Delete** button.


</td></tr></tbody>
</table>5.  Select the **Save** button in the Filtered list details panel to ensure all updates are saved.


**Parent Topic:**[Configuring workspace lists and records for form submissions](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/application-development/creator-studio/creator-studio-form-submissions-workspace-about.md)

