---
title: Configure state flows for work orders and work order tasks
description: State flows control the sequence in which work orders and work order tasks transition from one state to another. You can customize state flows to control the sequence in which records transition between states in Service Management applications.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/field-service-management/work-order-management/configure-state-flow.html
release: australia
product: Work Order Management
classification: work-order-management
topic_type: task
last_updated: "2026-03-12"
reading_time_minutes: 6
breadcrumb: [Customize state flows, Work orders, Set up work orders and tasks, Configure, Field Service Management]
---

# Configure state flows for work orders and work order tasks

State flows control the sequence in which work orders and work order tasks transition from one state to another. You can customize state flows to control the sequence in which records transition between states in Service Management applications.

## About this task

Define all of the possible state transitions that represent the life cycle of a work order. However, customizing state flows requires scripting knowledge.

## Before you begin

Role required: admin

Before customizing a state flow, make a copy of the state flow record for the transition you want to change and do all your customizations in the copied record. This allows the system to update the default state flow record automatically during an upgrade and enables you to revert to the default record if necessary.

**Note:** The **State** field on the record is always read-only.

## Procedure

1.  Navigate to **All** &gt; **Configuration** &gt; **Field Service** then choose one of the following:

    -   **Work Order Flows**
    -   **Work Task Flows**
    **Important:** Make sure that you deactivate the original record so the system cannot use it.

2.  Open the record for the transition you want to customize.

3.  Right-click the form header and select **Insert and Stay**.

    The system clears any values from the **Business rule** and **UI action** fields. A notification appears at the top of the form describing the action taken.

4.  Ensure that the **Active** check box is selected.

5.  In the appropriate section, configure a transition method:

    -   **Manual:**Click **Create UI Action** to create a button on the form that enables users to execute the transition manually. The system uses the value in the **Name** field as the label for the UI action. The UI action executes the script in the **Manual Script** field when the conditions are true
    -   **Automatic:** Click **Create Business Rule** to create the business rule. The business rule executes the script in the **Automatic Script** field when the conditions are true
6.  Click **Create Client Script** to create the script that limits the values available a record's **State** field choice list to valid states for that transition.

7.  Complete the **Field Controls** section to control how specific fields appear when a record changes states.

    **Note:** The system enforces the field controls with the same client script you created to filter the choice list for the **State** field.

8.  Click **Update**.

9.  Reopen the source record you copied and clear the **Active** check box.

    Deactivating the original record allows the system to upgrade it normally when the instance is upgraded and prevents the system from using the record rather than your custom state flow.

10. Open the copied state flow record you want to customize.

11. On the form, fill in the fields.

<table id="table_sbb_kzd_dbc"><thead><tr><th>

Field

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

Number

</td><td>

Record number automatically generated by the ServiceNow® system.

</td></tr><tr><td>

\[Required\] Table

</td><td>

Table on which the state flow record runs. The possible tables are: -   Work Order Task \[wm\_task\]
-   Work Order \[wm\_order\]


</td></tr><tr><td>

Starting state

</td><td>

Name of the state at the beginning of the transition.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Ending state

</td><td>

Name of the state at the end of the transition.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Client script

</td><td>

Client script to run for this transition. The client script controls the available starting and ending states you can select by limiting the contents of the **State** choice list to valid states.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Event

</td><td>

Name of an existing event to trigger when this transition occurs.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Name

</td><td>

\[Required\] State name as it appears in the choice list.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Roles

</td><td>

Roles required to configure the **State** field that uses the custom transition.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Active

</td><td>

Switch for enabling or disabling this state flow record.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Class

</td><td>

Available state flow classes: -   **State Flow:**Records created for state flows in all task-based tables except those in Field Service Management.
-   **Work Order Flow:** Records created for state flows in the Work Order \[wm\_order\] table.
-   **Work Task Flow:** Records created for state flows in the Work Order Task \[wm\_task\] table.
 This field is required for users with the admin role. Users with the wm\_admin role can only create state flow records in the **Work Order Flow** and **Work Task Flow** classes and cannot edit this field in the record.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Override

</td><td>

Default starting value for the **State** field on all new records for the table named in the state flow record.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Work notes

</td><td>

Comments about this state flow transition.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Comment

</td><td>

Details about the customized record.

</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">

**Manual** \(Runs scripts from a UI action that requires the user to click a button or related link.\)

</td></tr><tr><td>

Manual condition string

</td><td>

Conditions for enabling a UI action that cannot be defined with the condition builder. For example, you can use this string to define UI actions for mobile devices. This condition has an **\[and\]** relationship with the condition in the **Manual condition** field.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Manual condition

</td><td>

Condition builder for enabling a UI action that can be defined for fields in the target table. This condition has an **\[and\]** relationship with the condition in the **Manual condition string** field.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Manual script

</td><td>

Script that defines what the UI action does when the conditions are true. This script runs when the user clicks a button or a related link.

</td></tr><tr><td>

UI action

</td><td>

\[Read-only\] Names the UI action to enable for this transition. By default, this UI action creates a button on the task form. Click **Create UI Action** to create the button. The button inherits the name of the state flow record in which it was created.

</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">

**Automatic** \(Runs a business rule automatically when a task record is changed and updated.\)

</td></tr><tr><td>

Automatic condition string

</td><td>

Conditions for running the business rule that cannot be defined with the condition builder. For example, use this condition to evaluate if the proposed transition is a valid flow. This condition has an **\[and\]** relationship with the condition in the **Automatic condition** field.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Automatic condition

</td><td>

Conditions for running the business rule that can be defined for fields in the target table. This condition has an **\[and\]**relationship with the condition in the **Automatic condition string** field.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Automatic script

</td><td>

Script that performs additional work when the condition is true. This script can do tasks such as update the date and time the transition occurred or notify someone of a milestone.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Business rule

</td><td>

Name of the business rule created for this transition. The business rule has a condition to ensure the validity of the flow. If that condition is true, the business rule performs the transition requested, using the starting and ending states from the Work Order Flow or Work Task Flow form.

</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">

**Field Controls** \(Determines field properties when a record transitions between states.\)

</td></tr><tr><td>

Mandatory fields

</td><td>

Fields required when this transition occurs or when the **Ending state** is the current state of a work order or work order task.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Read only fields

</td><td>

Fields set as read-only when this transition occurs or when the **Ending state** is the current state of a work order or work order task.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Visible fields

</td><td>

Fields made visible when this transition occurs or when the **Ending state** is the current state of a work order or work order task.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Not mandatory

</td><td>

Fields set as optional when this transition occurs or when the **Ending state** is the current state of a work order or work order task.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Not read only

</td><td>

Fields that can be edited when this transition occurs or when the **Ending state** is the current state of a work order or work order task.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Not visible

</td><td>

Fields hidden when this transition occurs or when the **Ending state** is the current state of a work order or work order task.

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>
