---
title: Common Salesforce integration issues
description: Learn how to solve problems you may have integrating CPQ with Salesforce.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/zurich/order-management/common\_salesforce\_integration\_issues.html
release: zurich
topic_type: concept
last_updated: "2025-10-08"
reading_time_minutes: 12
breadcrumb: [ServiceNow CPQ integration with Salesforce B2B Commerce, ServiceNow CPQ with other apps, Integrate, Sales Customer Relationship Management]
---

# Common Salesforce integration issues

Learn how to solve problems you may have integrating CPQ with Salesforce.

When Salesforce CPQ is a host for ServiceNow CPQ configurations, integrating the two sites my lead to some common errors. Here is a list of known issues with their solutions and what to check.

In general, when you see an error generated by Salesforce, you can use the [Salesforce debug logs](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=platform.code_debug_log.htm&type=5) to find where that error is being triggered.

Another worthwhile step when investigating any integration issue is to confirm that the steps in the [Installation and setup guide for environments linked to Salesforce orgs](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/order-management/installation-and-setup-guide-for-environments-linked-to-salesforce-org.md) were correctly completed.

**Note:** If partner users are experiencing any of these issues, or you utilize RFQ APIs, first see the [Partner users/RFQ API sharing settings](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/order-management/common_salesforce_integration_issues.md) section at the end of this topic.

## Salesforce: “SBQQ: Too many SOQL queries: 101”

\[Omitted image "cpq-error-SBQQ-too-many-SOQL-queries.png"\] Alt text: Salesforce issues

This error happens usually when a user creates a BOM that has more than 100 items, clicks **Quote** in ServiceNow CPQ, and there are too many quote lines being created for the default Salesforce CPQ behavior to handle.

Solution: confirm that Enable Large Configurations is set in the Salesforce CPQ Package Settings.

\[Omitted image "cpq-additional-settings-enable-large-configurations.png"\] Alt text: Salesforce issues

This setting decreases the likelihood of hitting governor limits when your sales reps configure a large bundle, but performs slower overall. To read more about this setting, see [Enable Large Configurations](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=sales.cpq_enable_large_bundle_config.htm&type=5).

## Salesforce: “Attempt to de-reference a null object”

\[Omitted image "cpq-error-attempt-to-de-reference-a-null-object.png"\] Alt text: Salesforce issues

This error usually happens when an end user saves the quote in ServiceNow CPQ and before they return to the QLE. It speaks to either a missing or inactive Pricebook entry for affected items, or an issue with nested bundling.

Solution \(no nested bundling\): The Pricebook entry for the product is missing or inactive.

\[Omitted image "cpq-pricebook-entry-missing.png"\] Alt text: Salesforce issues

\[Omitted image "cpq-pricebook-entry-inactive.png"\] Alt text: Salesforce issues

Check all of the product's Pricebook entries. This error occurs if any of the following are true:

-   A returned product is missing a Pricebook entry
-   A returned product has an inactive Pricebook entry
-   A returned product's related Pricebook is inactive
-   The standard Pricebook is used by default but is inactive

Solution \(nested bundling\): If you have nested bundling enabled and your configuration has products configurations that match the following structure, there is no direct solution. You can either design your configurations to not encounter this Salesforce issue, or turn off nested bundling.

```
Parent product
	Nested child 1 
		Product X
	Nested child 2
		Product X
```

To learn more about this issue, see the following Salesforce.com topic:

[Adding the Same product to Two Different Dynamic Nested Bundles via External Configurator Throws an "Attempt to de-reference a null object" Error](https://issues.salesforce.com/issue/a028c00000yzVSVAA2/adding-the-same-product-to-two-different-dynamic-nested-bundles-via-external-configurator-throws-an-attempt-to-de-reference-a-null-object-error)

If you decide to disable nested bundling, you can do so in SFDC through Setup &gt; Installed Packages &gt; Salesforce CPQ &gt; Additional Settings &gt; Nested Bundles for External Configurator.

\[Omitted image "cpq-additional-settings-nested-bundles-for-external-configurator.png"\] Alt text: Salesforce issues

Please also submit a support ticket so that we can send this request to our DevOps team to turn off this feature from the ServiceNow CPQ side. You will continue to encounter the issue until we turn off this feature.

## Not generating configuration line items or configuration field data sets

This functionality is not used by many implementations, but when it is, it is paramount that the expected Salesforce Objects are created. Configuration line items \(CLIs\) and configuration field data sets \(CFDSs\) are Salesforce objects that are managed by our base managed package, and their creation is asynchronous with the data that is pushed to the quote line.

The moment that a user saves the configuration from ServiceNow CPQ, the process to create these objects begins, regardless of whether you save the final quote lines created in the QLE. When this occurs, there is usually only one place to check.

Solution: The creation of these objects depends on the following settings being enabled.

-   \(For CLIs\) The Push BOM Data to ServiceNow CPQ Salesforce Object ServiceNow CPQ Admin setting
-   \(For CFDSs\) The Push Config Data to ServiceNow CPQ Salesforce Object ServiceNow CPQ Admin setting
-   The SFDC permissions of Refresh Token username

\[Omitted image "cpq-logik-admin-settings-push-settings.png"\] Alt text: Salesforce issues

If these settings are not enabled, these objects will not be created when the user clicks Save.

If these settings are enabled, and you still do not see CLIs or CFDSs \(or Extended Information Field Mapping is not working\), try the following:

-   Check the [logs](https://logikio.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/CS/pages/2022735879) to see whether the error “Salesforce syncing of LGK\_\_ConfigurationLineItem\_\_c object for configuration \[\*\*\*\*\*\*\] did not complete successfully” appears. There may be more information in the “Paused And Failed Flow Interviews” page in your Salesforce Setup.
-   Check the permissions of the integration user against the list in [Required permissions for the integration user](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/order-management/integration_user_required_permissions.md).

## Saving does not create child quote lines

\[Omitted image "cpq-shopping-cart-product-logik-environment.png"\] Alt text: Salesforce issues

ServiceNow CPQ BOM has the product ServiceNow CPQ environment.

\[Omitted image "cpq-edit-quote-product-logik-environment-configurator.png"\] Alt text: Salesforce issues

Saving to Salesforce has only the parent Configurable product, not the ServiceNow CPQ environment.

We only create quote line items when a BOM item fits these conditions:

-   The BOM type of the item is specified in the “BOM Types to Include in Save Request” setting
-   The product exists in our database from our product sync with Salesforce

This issue occurs when the user clicks Save from ServiceNow CPQ and they are met with only the parent Configurable product that they launched the configuration from, and no child quote lines that were created in the ServiceNow CPQ configurator. This usually means that there is a disconnect between the product Object in Salesforce and the BOM item created in ServiceNow CPQ.

Solutions:

-   Check whether the products exist in your Salesforce Site with the same product IDs that are determined by your product rules. If the products exist, try updating a field in the product record \(such as “Active”\), saving, reverting it, waiting 30 minutes, and then trying again.

    Our product record sync relies on the Last Modified Date of the product2 records to speed up performance. If your environment was repointed from another one, products that did not exist in your last environment may now exist here and have a date that is older than the reconnect. Wait for the product sync to complete every 30 minutes, and try to save the configuration again.

-   Confirm that the BOM items have the correct BOM types as defined in ServiceNow CPQ Admin:

    \[Omitted image "cpq-logik-admin-settings-bom-types.png"\] Alt text: Salesforce issues

    If your BOM item was of type Manufacturing and your ServiceNow CPQ Admin had only Sales and Installation defined in the Settings tab, that item would not be returned to the QLE.

-   Check whether the parent configurable product has the related Dynamic feature defined:

    \[Omitted image "cpq-logik-environment-configurator-dynamic.png"\] Alt text: Salesforce issues

    If so, also confirm that the option selection method is also dynamic:

    \[Omitted image "cpq-edit-dynamic-option-selection-method.png"\] Alt text: Salesforce issues

    This related feature should be automatically created when you click **Logik Enabled** on the Configurable product, but some custom product triggers in your Salesforce org can disrupt this automation. To trigger the feature creation again, try disabling **Logik Enabled**, saving, and then re-enabling it. Then, try to configure with that product.

    \(If using nested bundling, every product that has children quote line items associated with it must have this dynamic feature related to its product, not just the top-level parent Configurable Product.\)


## Saving does not create quote lines as expected

This usually happens when one of the fields on the child quote lines are being populated in a way that is not reflected in the ServiceNow CPQ configuration. This is a tricky issue to track since there isn’t a clear error.

Solution: Check to see whether the SFDC environment has any quote calculator plugin \(QCP\) scripts, flows, or Apex triggers acting on the quote lines.

For QCP specifically, search custom scripts. Also check whether there is a script in the Quote Calculator Plugin field \(Setup &gt; Installed packages &gt; Salesforce CPQ &gt; Plugin\).

\[Omitted image "cpq-settings-editor-plugins-quote-calculator-plugin.png"\] Alt text: Salesforce issues

Review this custom script to see whether it is behaving as expected.

## ServiceNow CPQ: “JSON string exceeds heap size limit”

****

\[Omitted image "cpq-error-JSON-string-exceeds-heap-size-limit.png"\] Alt text: Salesforce issues

This will happen if the LGK\_\_BomData\_\_c field contains too much data \(such as a lot of quote lines or extended information\) and the user tries to reconfigure the quote.

Solution: Control how many items get written with the BOM Item Limit feature. To solve, count the items in the BOM of the configuration that is causing the error. \(The number of items is the number of lines in the BOM. Items are separated by “\{\}” in the BomData field.\) Then, create a support case to set the tenant setting to half that number. If you are not using this Salesforce field, have it set to zero.

## Reconfigure doesn't save selections in ServiceNow CPQ

An end user can save a configuration correctly and it writes to the QLE without issues. However, when the user tries to reconfigure, not all the selections are retained.

Solutions:

-   Check whether this issue occurs only with a specific user or profile. Their permissions may be set incorrectly.
-   Check whether the product has the related Feature Name, Configuration Attributes, and Price Books defined.

    \[Omitted image "cpq-product-related-tab.png"\] Alt text: Salesforce issues

-   Check whether the Blueprint uses [twinning](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/order-management/twinning_how_to_pull_salesforce_cpq_quote_information_into_logik_io.md), which could be triggering a rule to clear certain selections, or has the On Configure/Reconfigure Enrichment set up incorrectly. To learn more about this issue, see [Scripting: Checking for first and subsequent configurations](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/order-management/enrichments_on_configurer_and_reconfigure_behavior.md).

## Saving doesn't create child quote lines

The configurable product you are attempting to configure with may have had an issue with the ServiceNow CPQ enabled automation and did not create the necessary configuration attributes for reconfiguring. To reconfigure, the Configuration ID attribute must be present, as this is where the quote line references the previous configuration's UUID.

On the Configurable Product's details page, uncheck **Logik.io Enabled**, save, then recheck and see whether the configuration attribute has been created.

## Cannot access ServiceNow CPQ Admin from SFDC

This issue may prevent admins from working on the design and implementation of ServiceNow CPQ. There are many causes for this issue.

\[Omitted image "cpq-error-contact-blocked.png"\] Alt text: Salesforce issues

Solution:

-   If this is happening for only one user:
    -   Confirm that they have Admin access. See [User access](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/order-management/please_share_your_feedback_on_admin_assist_responses.md).
    -   Check whether they are running into browser issues. See [Common browser issues while using ServiceNow CPQ](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/order-management/common_browser_issues_while_using_logik_io.md).
-   If this is happening for a group of users:
    -   Confirm that their profile and permission group have the proper SFDC permissions. See [What to do if receiving an Insufficient Privileges or blank screen when launching a Logik configuration](https://customer.help.logik.io/servicedesk/customer/portal/4/article/1616314402).
    -   Confirm that ServiceNow CPQ has been added to Trusted URLs in the Setup section, with iFrame enabled. While this isn't necessary in all cases, we've seen this addition help organizations with ServiceNow CPQ users from multiple different countries, or if they are using Subscription Manager/RLM.

        \[Omitted image "cpq-setup-trusted-URLs.png"\] Alt text: Trusted URLs screen

    -   If this is happening for every user, check whether the URL is correctly entered in Custom Settings.

        \[Omitted image "cpq-salesforce-custom-settings.png"\] Alt text: Custom settings

        This is usually one of the first steps done when integrating a ServiceNow CPQ environment with an SFDC org. Sometimes, the user that sets it up will unintentionally set the URL as an override for a profile \(the bottom box\) instead of accessible for all users \(the middle box\).


## Cannot launch a configuration

The “Insufficient Privileges” error message from Salesforce is only one of many screens a user can encounter when clicking the wrench icon in the QLE or when selecting a product after clicking **Edit lines** in the quote.

\[Omitted image "cpq-salesforce-insufficient-privileges.png"\] Alt text: Information message

When this issue occurs, other issues may include seeing the Content Blocked screen \(as seen in the Cannot Access ServiceNow CPQ Admin from SFDC issue\), seeing a blank screen, or seeing an error message display.

This can happen for a variety of reasons, including problems with the same permissions that are necessary for accessing the ServiceNow CPQ Admin. However, this issue affects only end users of the configurator \(that is, sales/partner users\).

Solutions:

-   If this is happening only for one Blueprint or when launching from one quote, check whether there are any errors in the Logs tab of the ServiceNow CPQ Admin.

    \[Omitted image "cpq-logs-2.png"\] Alt text: Logs

    If you find no errors in the logs, review [Common error messages and causes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/order-management/common_error_messages_and_causes.md). This may be due to an issue with the On Configure/Reconfigure script of the Blueprint, or with a twinned field that is expected from the quote.

-   If this is happening for only one user, check whether they are experiencing browser issues. See [Common browser issues while using ServiceNow CPQ](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/order-management/common_browser_issues_while_using_logik_io.md).
-   If this is happening for a group of users, check to see whether their profile and permission group have the proper SFDC permissions. See [What to do if receiving an Insufficient Privileges or blank screen when launching a Logik configuration](https://customer.help.logik.io/servicedesk/customer/portal/4/article/1616314402) .
-   If this is happening for every user, confirm that the URL is correct in Salesforce CPQ. Navigate to Setup &gt; Installed packages &gt; Salesforce CPQ &gt; Configure &gt; Additional Settings &gt; External Configurator URL &amp; Third Party Configurator.

    \[Omitted image "cpq-salesforce-external-configuration-url.png"\] Alt text: External configurator

    This is usually one of the first steps done when integrating a ServiceNow CPQ environment with an SFDC org. The URL will usually take the form of `https://<domain-name>.<sector>.logik.io/ui/configure`, but it can vary based on whether you use VisualForce pages to launch the configurator.

    If your URL is not in the above form, your organization should have documentation for the custom setup done for launching into the ServiceNow CPQ configurator.


## Partner users/RFQ API sharing settings

Under Setup &gt; Sharing Settings, check to see whether the following objects have Default External Access set to Private:

-   Pricebook
-   Product Feature
-   Quote
-   Quote line
-   Configuration Attribute
-   Configuration line item

\[Omitted image "cpq-salesforce-sharing-settings.png"\] Alt text: Sharing settings

Salesforce CPQ needs access to these objects for part of our reconfigure integration to work.

Usually, you wouldn't need to edit the Sharing Settings for this object since it's created by the Integration user, but in many cases, partner users could try to reference these records during RFQ, so they will need it set to either Public Read-Only or Public Read/Write.

