---
title: Create outbound requests for service orders
description: As a provider, create an outbound request for the service orders. You can interact with the external Service Order Management \(SOM\) or Technical Order Management \(TOM\) systems to manage the end-to-end order fulfillment process.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/zurich/order-management/order-mgt-outbound-request.html
release: zurich
topic_type: task
last_updated: "2025-07-31"
reading_time_minutes: 2
breadcrumb: [Managing service orders, Order Management, Use, Sales Customer Relationship Management]
---

# Create outbound requests for service orders

As a provider, create an outbound request for the service orders. You can interact with the external Service Order Management \(SOM\) or Technical Order Management \(TOM\) systems to manage the end-to-end order fulfillment process.

## Before you begin

Role required: sn\_ind\_tmt\_orm.order\_fulfilment\_agent, sn\_ind\_tmt\_orm.order\_fulfillment\_manager, sn\_ind\_tmt\_orm.service\_order\_agent, sn\_ind\_tmt\_orm.service\_order\_manager

## About this task

The outbound requests are enabled through the bi-directional integration over a REST API between Order Management for Telecommunications, Media, and Technology and the external systems. To learn more, see .

## Procedure

1.  Navigate to  **Workspaces** &gt; **CSM/FSM Configurable Workspace** .

2.  Select the List icon \[Omitted image "list-outline-24.svg"\] Alt text:.

3.  Navigate to **Service Orders** &gt; **All**.

4.  Select a service order and open it.

5.  Select **Create Outbound Fulfillment Request**.

6.  Select **OK** on the Initiate Fulfillment Request pop-up window.

    -   A record with a new request ID is created in the Outbound Requests related tab with the state as Not Applicable. The order agent can view the details of this new record in the Work notes.
    -   If the request action is successful, the order agent updates the state of this new record to Pending. If the request action is unsuccessful, the order agent deletes this new record. The agent can reselect the UI action to reinitiate the outbound request.
    -   If the Service Order Outbound Policy decision table in the decision builder has identified the configuration of the domain service order as hierarchical, records are also created for the hierarchy of the individual service order with the same request ID. If it’s non-hierarchical, a record is created only for the individual service order.
    **Note:**

    During any inflight order changes or order enrichment changes, the Updates available field on the domain service order form gets a tick mark and the existing UI action label changes to **Revise Outbound Request**. In this revised outbound request, the information that is related to the changes in the domain service order is also sent to the external systems.

7.  Select the outbound request record to see the details of the received order response from the external system as shown in the following table.

<table id="table_n34_1vn_rxb"><thead><tr><th>

Field name

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

Number

</td><td>

Unique system-assigned outbound request number, starting with a prefix of FO.

</td></tr><tr><td>

State

</td><td>

State of the outbound request:-   **Not applicable**

Created, but not in use yet.

-   **Fulfilled**

The service order fulfillment is completed.

-   **Pending**

The service order has encountered an error and is waiting for a resolution.

-   **Error**

The service order has encountered an error and is waiting for a resolution.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Source record

</td><td>

Record from which the outbound fulfillment request was triggered.

</td></tr><tr><td>



</td><td>



</td></tr><tr><td>

Table

</td><td>

Name of the table that is referenced in the request context.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Request ID

</td><td>

Outbound request ID that is generated by the Order Management for Telecommunications, Media, and Technology application.

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>
**Parent Topic:**[Managing service orders](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/order-management/managing-service-orders.md)

