---
title: Using Log Export Service \(LES\)
description: Use LES to review the log report dashboard.Analyze the size of each data log by reviewing the log report dashboard.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/zurich/platform-security/les-use.html
release: zurich
topic_type: concept
last_updated: "2025-07-31"
reading_time_minutes: 2
breadcrumb: [Log Export Service \(LES\), Platform Security]
---

# Using Log Export Service \(LES\)

Use LES to review the log report dashboard.

**Parent Topic:**[Log Export Service \(LES\)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/platform-security/les-intro.md)

## Review log report

Analyze the size of each data log by reviewing the log report dashboard.

### Before you begin

Role required: admin or sn\_logstoanalytics.admin

### Procedure

1.  Navigate to **All** &gt; **Log Export Service** &gt; **Reports**.

2.  Review log data in the following widgets.

    -   Logs Exported \(Monthly\): It shows the megabytes exported per month in the initial view. You can drilldown the graph to view the data for each week or daily data. You can view data from last 395 days.

        \[Omitted image "les-logs-exp-month.png"\] Alt text: Image showing logs exported monthly report

        **Note:** Click on the arrows on the up right corner of the widget to drill down the data. You can also move back up to the parent data.

        Weekly: \[Omitted image "les-logs-exp-week.png"\] Alt text: Image showing weekly logs exported

        Daily:\[Omitted image "les-logs-exp-daily.png"\] Alt text: Image showing daily logs exported

        The data in this report reflects collection taken 4 hours prior.

    -   Logs exported per source \(Monthly\): This widget shows the kind of logs were exported on a monthly basis. You can also drilldown to see weekly and daily log data. You can view data from last 395 days.

        \[Omitted image "les-logs-exp-source-month.png"\] Alt text: Screenshot showing logs exported per source monthly

        **Note:** You can select or de-select the source you want to view the data from. The sources from which you can view the logs are: node\_log, syslog, syslog\_transaction, and sys\_outbound\_http\_log.

        \[Omitted image "les-logs-exp-source-daily.png"\] Alt text: Image showing logs exported per source daily

    -   Log Exported Per Source \(Last 24 hrs\): It shows the data from last 24 hrs. The graph progresses chronologically from left to right on a 24 hr scale, with the oldest data \(24th hour\) positioned on the right and the latest data on the left side of the report. You can select or de-select the source you want to view the data from. The sources from which you can view the logs are: node\_log, syslog, syslog\_transaction, and sys\_outbound\_http\_log.

        \[Omitted image "les-logs-exp-source-24hrs.png"\] Alt text: Image showing logs exported per source in last 24 hrss

        **Note:** Depending on the hour of the day you check this data, the widget dynamically updates to reflect exactly the past 24 hours.

    -   Daily Log Events by Table: It shows the log events generated by each log tables per day. You can select or de-select the tables you want to view the data from.

        \[Omitted image "les-logs-table-daily.png"\] Alt text: Image showing daily log events by table

        **Note:** The tables from which you can view the log events are: syslog, syslog\_transaction, sys\_audit, and sys\_outbound\_http\_log.


