---
title: Create a Data Generation Profile
description: Create a Data Generation Profile to generate data such as incidents or users for your sandbox. Data Generation Profiles are associated with Developer Sandboxes Templates, so they can run and generate synthetic development data when a sandbox is allocated.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/zurich/application-development/developer-sandboxes/create-data-generation-profile.html
release: zurich
product: Developer Sandboxes
classification: developer-sandboxes
topic_type: task
last_updated: "2025-07-31"
reading_time_minutes: 2
breadcrumb: [Administer data, Developer Sandboxes, Developing your application, Building applications]
---

# Create a Data Generation Profile

Create a Data Generation Profile to generate data such as incidents or users for your sandbox. Data Generation Profiles are associated with Developer Sandboxes Templates, so they can run and generate synthetic development data when a sandbox is allocated.

## About this task

Developer Sandboxes can't copy all instance data. Data Generation Profiles enable you to generate fake data, but not your sensitive data, for building and testing an application.

For more information on Data Generation Profiles, see [Data Generation Profiles in Developer Sandboxes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/application-development/developer-sandboxes/dev-sbx-data-gen-profiles.md).

## Before you begin

Role required: admin

Configure the `glide.data.generation.excluded.tables` property to create a comma separated list of tables to exclude from data generation.

**Note:** You must configure a Data Generation Profile before you can add it to a Developer Sandboxes Template.

## Procedure

1.  Navigate to **All** &gt; **Data Generation** &gt; **Data Generation Profiles**.

2.  Select **New**.

    \[Omitted image "dev-sbx-data-gen-new.png"\] Alt text: Select New to add a profile

3.  Enter a name and select **Submit**.

    \[Omitted image "dev-sbx-data-gen-new2.png"\] Alt text: Give the profile a name

4.  Navigate back to **Data Generation Profiles** and select your newly created profile from the list.

    \[Omitted image "dev-sbx-data-gen-new3.png"\] Alt text: Select your new profile

5.  Select **New** in the Data Generation Definitions related list of the Data Generation Profile record.

    \[Omitted image "dev-sbx-data-gen-new4.png"\] Alt text: Select the New button

6.  On the form, fill in the fields.

    |Field|Description|
    |-----|-----------|
    |Name|Name of the definition. For example, `Service Desk Users`.|
    |Table|Table that contains the data you want to use for the definition. For example, `[sys_user]`.|
    |Application|Scope of the data definition.|
    |Number of records|Number of records that need to be generated for the definition.|
    |Earliest|Date of the earliest record in the definition.|
    |Latest|Date of the latest record in the definition.|

7.  Select **Submit**.

    \[Omitted image "dev-sbx-data-gen-new5.png"\] Alt text: Fill in the fields and select Submit

8.  Configure field mappings for your definition by selecting the definition from the related list.

    You don't need to map every field, but you can create mappings to curate data for specific types of development.

    \[Omitted image "dev-sbx-data-gen-new6.png"\] Alt text: Select your new profile

    1.  Select **New** in the Data Generation Field Mappings related list.

        \[Omitted image "dev-sbx-data-gen-new7.png"\] Alt text: Select the New button

    2.  On the form, fill in the fields.

<table id="table_mqj_t5n_gcc"><thead><tr><th>

Field

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

Field

</td><td>

Type of data for field. For example, **User ID**.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Operation

</td><td>

Type of operation for the mapping. The options are:-   **To** - Map a literal value to the target field.
-   **Generate** - Use the specified data generation action to create a value.
-   **From template** - Use a value generated by another template, such as to create relationships. For example, if you're creating users from the user table for a Service Desk, you also want to add those users to the Service Desk user group.


</td></tr><tr><td>

Value

</td><td>

Value the field is mapped to, if you selected **To** as the **Operator**.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Action

</td><td>

Type of action is you selected **Generate** as the **Operator**. You can view other actions and create custom actions by navigating to **All** &gt; **Data Generation** &gt; **Data Generation Actions**.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Template

</td><td>

Template to use for the mapping, if applicable.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Table

</td><td>

Table the mapping applies to.**Note:** You must specify a table that contains data, otherwise the data generation will fail.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Definition

</td><td>

Definition the mapping applies to.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Selection type

</td><td>

How the records will be generated:-   **Random**
-   **Sequential**


</td></tr></tbody>
</table>    3.  Select **Submit**.

        \[Omitted image "dev-sbx-data-gen-new8.png"\] Alt text: Complete the form and select Submit


## Result

The Data Generation Profile is available to add to a Developer Sandboxes template.

