---
title: Provide requested evidence
description: Provide evidence when you are requested. When evidence is requested, the person who must provide the evidence receives an email. The process to provide the evidence begins.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/zurich/governance-risk-compliance/policy-and-compliance-management/provide-evidence-pc.html
release: zurich
product: Policy and Compliance Management
classification: policy-and-compliance-management
topic_type: task
last_updated: "2025-07-31"
reading_time_minutes: 2
breadcrumb: [Manage evidence requests, Classic UI, Use, Policy and Compliance Management, Governance, Risk, and Compliance]
---

# Provide requested evidence

Provide evidence when you are requested. When evidence is requested, the person who must provide the evidence receives an email. The process to provide the evidence begins.

## Before you begin

Role required: sn\_grc.business\_user, sn\_grc.business\_user\_lite

## About this task

When the assignee receives the email to provide the requested evidence, the assignee can either provide the requested evidence or reassign the request to another user. The assignee can also add approvers before sending the requested evidence to ensure additional security of the evidence. If the assignee reassigns the request to some other user, the original assignee can no longer view the request. If the evidence provided does not need an approver, then the assignee can directly request a review of the evidence, and the requester gets a notification to review the evidence.

## Procedure

1.  Navigate to **Audit** &gt; **Evidence Request** &gt; **My Evidence Request Tasks**.

2.  Open the record for which you want to provide evidence.

3.  Click **Accept Work**.

4.  On the form, fill in the fields.

<table id="table_q2l_wqx_zmb"><thead><tr><th>

Field

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

Number

</td><td>

Number of the evidence request. This value is generated by default.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Requester

</td><td>

User requesting evidence. This value is generated by default.If you are the approver, requester, watch list member, or user in the Assigned to field, then you can edit the details in the **Watch list**, **Name**, and **Description** fields when the evidence is in **New** or **Work in progress** states.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Requested on behalf of

</td><td>

User for whom evidence is being requested. This value is generated by default.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Assignment group

</td><td>

Group assigned to provide evidence. The users of this group must have the sn\_grc.business\_user roles.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Assigned to

</td><td>

User responsible for providing the evidence. This value is generated by default.

</td></tr><tr><td>

State

</td><td>

State of the request.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Substate

</td><td>

None. This value is generated by default.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Request reason

</td><td>

Reason for requesting evidence.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Approvers

</td><td>

Users to approve evidence before it is returned to the requester for review. Usually, an approver is the manager of the person providing the evidence.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Watch list

</td><td>

Users interested in viewing the evidence collected.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Name

</td><td>

Name of the evidence request. The name defaults to Evidence collection details name.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Description

</td><td>

Detailed description of the evidence request. The description defaults to the description given in the Evidence request form.

</td></tr><tr><td class="sub-head" colspan="2">

Request Details

</td></tr><tr><td>

Evidence request

</td><td>

Unique ID of the evidence request associated with the task. This value is generated by default and is fetched from the record that was created to request evidence.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Evidence for

</td><td>

Record for which the evidence is requested.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Evidence for description

</td><td>

Description of the record for which the evidence is being requested. This value is generated by default and is fetched from the record that was created to request evidence.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Evidence collection instructions

</td><td>

Instructions to collect the evidence.If you are the manager or requester, you can edit this field when the evidence request task is in work in progress state.

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>5.  To request approval for the attached evidence, click **Request Approval**.

6.  If no approvers are required, click **Request Review**.


