---
title: Citations in Now Assist AI agents
description: You can see citations on the Now Assist panel when you execute AI agents and agentic workflows in Now Assist AI agents that provide summaries to get similar incidents and relevant knowledge articles.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/intelligent-experiences/enable-ai-experiences/citations-aia.html
release: australia
product: Enable AI Experiences
classification: enable-ai-experiences
topic_type: concept
last_updated: "2026-03-12"
reading_time_minutes: 1
breadcrumb: [Configure, Now Assist AI agents, Enable AI experiences]
---

# Citations in Now Assist AI agents

You can see citations on the Now Assist panel when you execute AI agents and agentic workflows in Now Assist AI agents that provide summaries to get similar incidents and relevant knowledge articles.

Generating citations:

-   Citations are generated by the LLM \(Large Language Model\), which use the information available to it.
-   URLs can’t be generated by LLM if relevant information isn’t provided.
-   LLMs need provide proper URLs for better results.
-   Citation URLs return directly from the tool’s outputs.
-   The LLM is instructed not to generate or assume citations if they aren’t present.

**Note:** Invalid or malformed URLs won’t be displayed to the user.

Citations with similar incidents and relevant knowledge articles appear in the Sources section of the AI Agent Studio Chat and on the Now Assist panel and in with click-able links that direct you to the incident or knowledge article.

\[Omitted image "aia-citations.png"\] Alt text: Citations in the output of an executed agentic workflow with sources on AI Agent Studio.

\[Omitted image "aia-citations-nap.png"\] Alt text: Citations in the output of an executed agentic workflow with sources on the Now Assist panel.

You can hide citations for specific agentic workflows or AI agents where it’s necessary or confidential. For more information, see [Disable citations in AI Agent Studio](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/intelligent-experiences/enable-ai-experiences/aia-hide-citations.md).

