---
title: Create a ServiceNow Remote Instance connection
description: Establish a zero copy connection to a remote ServiceNow instance in Zero Copy Connector Hub.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/integrate-applications/workflow-data-fabric/create-servicenow-remote-instance-connection.html
release: australia
product: Workflow Data Fabric
classification: workflow-data-fabric
topic_type: task
last_updated: "2026-03-12"
reading_time_minutes: 1
breadcrumb: [ServiceNow Remote Instance, Primary connectors, Zero Copy Connectors, Workflow Data Fabric]
---

# Create a ServiceNow Remote Instance connection

Establish a zero copy connection to a remote ServiceNow instance in Zero Copy Connector Hub.

## Before you begin

Work with your remote instance administrator to complete the following tasks on each remote instance that you want to connect to:

-   Create an OAuth endpoint on the remote instance. For more information, see [Create an endpoint for clients to access the instance](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/platform-security/authentication/t_CreateEndpointforExternalClients.md).
-   Create a user account with read access to the tables that you want to query. This account acts as the service account in the zero copy connection.
-   Obtain the OAuth Client ID and OAuth Client Secret from the OAuth application registry record on the remote instance.

Role required: df\_connection\_admin

## Procedure

1.  Navigate to the available primary connectors in Zero Copy Connector Hub in one of the following ways:

    -   Navigate to **All** &gt; **Workflow Data Fabric Hub** &gt; **Available connectors** &gt; **Primary connectors**.
    -   Navigate to **Admin** &gt; **Workflow Data Fabric Hub** &gt; **Available connectors** &gt; **Primary connectors**.
2.  Find the ServiceNow Remote Instance connector and select **Connect**.

3.  On the form, fill in the fields.

<table id="table_kmx_fw1_2fc"><thead><tr><th>

Field

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td class="sub-head" colspan="2">

Name and description

</td></tr><tr><td>

Connection label

</td><td>

Unique name for this connection. This helps in identifying the connection within your system.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Connection name

</td><td>

System-generated name based on the Connection label. This field cannot be modified once the connection is established.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Short description

</td><td>

Description of the connection explaining what it is about.

</td></tr><tr><td class="sub-head" colspan="2">

Connection attributes

</td></tr><tr><td>

Connection URL

</td><td>

HTTPS URL of the remote ServiceNow instance to establish the connection. For example:`https://<host>.service-now.com`

</td></tr><tr><td class="sub-head" colspan="2">

Authentication method

</td></tr><tr><td>

OAuth Client ID

</td><td>

Client ID generated by the remote ServiceNow instance for the OAuth application. For example:`TRINO_CONNECTOR_OAUTH_CLIENT`

</td></tr><tr><td>

OAuth Client Secret

</td><td>

Client secret associated with the Client ID for the remote ServiceNow instance OAuth application.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Username

</td><td>

Username of the service account for the remote ServiceNow instance. For example:`abel.tuter`

</td></tr><tr><td>

Password

</td><td>

Password of the service account for the remote ServiceNow instance.

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>4.  Select **Connect**.


## Result

A test connection is made to the external data source, verifying that the connection details are correct and the data source is accessible.

## What to do next

If the connection succeeds, configure data steward access on the **Access Control** tab. See [Manage access to an established connection using roles](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/integrate-applications/workflow-data-fabric/manage-access-connection-zcc.md).

If the connection fails, verify the OAuth credentials and service account permissions with your remote instance administrator and try again.

