---
title: Generating and installing user certificates
description: You can generate and install a user certificate for client authentication and code signing in your Windows machine, if you have the admin role.Generate a user certificate for secure client authentication and code signing in your Windows machine using the KeyStore Explorer application. This reference procedure is one of many methods to generate a user certificate.Install the user generated \(client authentication and code signing\) certificates in your Windows machine, if you have the admin role.Add the user to manage private keys in your Windows machine, if you have the admin role, to complete the certificate generation.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/integrate-applications/workflow-data-fabric/use-user-certificates-rpa.html
release: australia
product: Workflow Data Fabric
classification: workflow-data-fabric
topic_type: concept
last_updated: "2026-03-12"
reading_time_minutes: 9
breadcrumb: [Obtaining client authentication and code signing certificates, Configure, RPA Hub, Robotic Process Automation \(RPA\) Hub, Workflow Data Fabric]
---

# Generating and installing user certificates

You can generate and install a user certificate for client authentication and code signing in your Windows machine, if you have the admin role.

-   **Client authentication**

    Client authentication enables mutual TLS \(mTLS\) authentication between the Unattended Robot application and the ServiceNow server while making a connection.

    You can either generate and install user certificates or export active directory certificates.

-   **Code signing certificate**

    A code signing certificate is used for signing and verifying the automation packages from RPA Desktop Design Studio. This certificate detects any tampering or corruption of scripts before they're run.

    The code signing certificate is validated during the Unattended Robot and Attended Robot executions.


If you don't have the active directory certificates, do the tasks in the following topics to generate and install user certificates. For more information, see [Exporting Microsoft Active Directory certificates](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/integrate-applications/workflow-data-fabric/export-certificates-rpa.md).

**Parent Topic:**[Obtaining client authentication and code signing certificates for RPA Hub](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/integrate-applications/workflow-data-fabric/code-signing-certificate-rpa.md)

## Generate a user certificate from KeyStore Explorer

Generate a user certificate for secure client authentication and code signing in your Windows machine using the KeyStore Explorer application. This reference procedure is one of many methods to generate a user certificate.

### Before you begin

Do this task in your Windows machine.

If user certificates are generated by your organization, then you can skip this procedure. You can proceed with [installing the user certificate.](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/integrate-applications/workflow-data-fabric/use-user-certificates-rpa.md)

If user certificates are not generated by your organization, you can either use this procedure or any other procedure to generate a client authentication certificate.

Role required: admin

### About this task

**Important:** The following procedure is for reference only. The steps may vary, depending on how certificates used within your organization are generated. Consult your IT administrator for more details.

You can install the KeyStore Explorer application in your Windows machine and then generate a client authentication and code signing certificate from the KeyStore Explorer application. Skip this task, if you already have these certificates.

Generate a client authentication certificate for authenticating the Unattended Robot application.

Generate a code signing certificate for publishing an automation project from RPA Desktop Design Studio.

### Procedure

1.  Navigate to [https://keystore-explorer.org/downloads.html](https://keystore-explorer.org/downloads.html).

2.  Download the latest setup.exe file for the Windows machine.

3.  To install the KeyStore Explorer, do the following actions:

    1.  Open the downloaded setup.exe file.

    2.  In the Select Setup Language dialog box, select a language to use during the installation and select **OK**.

    3.  In the Welcome to the KeyStore Explorer Setup Wizard dialog box, select **Next**.

    4.  In the Select Destination Location dialog box, select a folder to install the KeyStore Explorer and select **Next**.

    5.  In the Select Start Menu Folder dialog box, to create shortcuts of the program in the default folder, select **Next**.

    6.  In the Select Additional Tasks dialog box, select the additional tasks that you would like the setup to perform while installing the KeyStore Explorer and then select **Next**.

    7.  In the Ready to Install dialog box, select **Install**.

    8.  After the installation is complete, select **Finish** to exit.

4.  From your desktop, double-click the KeyStore Explorer icon and select **Create a new KeyStore**.

5.  In the New KeyStore Type dialog box, select **JKS** as a type of the new KeyStore and select **OK**.

    The new KeyStore appears as an additional **Untitled** tab.

6.  On the **Untitled** tab, right-click the screen and select **Generate Key Pair**.

7.  In the Generate Key Pair dialog box, select **OK**.

8.  In the Generate Key Pair Certificate dialog box, enter a name for the certificate.

9.  Generate a user certificate.

<table id="choicetable_xwg_ksg_q2c"><thead><tr><th align="left" id="d164730e362">

Certificate type

</th><th align="left" id="d164730e365">

Steps

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td id="d164730e371">

**mTLS authentication for client certificate**

</td><td>

1.  In the Generate Key Pair Certificate dialog box, select **Add Extensions**.
2.  Select the \[Omitted image "icon-plus-user-cert-rpa.png"\] Alt text: Plus icon. icon.

3.  In the Add Extension Type dialog box, select **Extended Key Usage \(EKU\)**.

4.  In the Extended Key Usage Extension \(EKU\) dialog box, select **Edit**.

5.  In the Custom Extended Key Usage dialog box, select the \[Omitted image "icon-plus-user-cert-rpa.png"\] Alt text: Plus icon. icon.

6.  In the Add Custom Extended Key Usage dialog box, in the Object Identifier field, enter `1.3.6.1.5.5.7.3.2 clientAuth`.

\[Omitted image "add-custome-key-usage-rpa.png"\] Alt text: Add Custom Extended Key Usage dialog box with Client Auth value selected.

7.  Select **OK**.


</td></tr><tr><td id="d164730e450">

**Code signing certificate**

</td><td>

1.  In the Generate Key Pair Certificate dialog box, select **Add Extensions**.
2.  In the Add Certificate Extensions dialog box, select **Use Standard Template**.
3.  In the Select a Standard Certificate dialog box, select **Code Signing**.
4.  Select **OK**.
5.  In the Add Certificate Extensions dialog box, select **OK**.


</td></tr></tbody>
</table>10. In the Generate Key Pair Certificate dialog box, select the book icon against the **Name** field, and then do the following actions:

    1.  In the Name dialog box, fill in the details of your organization.

    2.  Select **OK**.

11. In the Generate Key Pair Certificate dialog box, select **OK**.

12. In the New Key Pair Entry Alias dialog box, enter an alias name in the **Enter Alias** field and select **OK**.

13. In the New Key Pair Entry Password dialog box, do the following actions to generate a key pair:

    1.  In the **Enter New Password:** field, enter a new password for the key pair.

    2.  In the **Confirm New Password:** field, confirm the new password.

    3.  Select **OK**.

    4.  After the key pair is generated, select **OK**.

14. On the **Untitled** tab, right-click this key, select **View Details**, and then select **Certificate Chain Details**.

15. In the Certificate Details for Entry dialog box, select the **PEM** button.

16. In the Certificate PEM dialog box, select **Export**.

17. Select a location to save this file as a `.pem` file and select **Save**.

    Use this file to upload in the instance for creating a Certificate Authority \(CA\) chain record and user record.

18. After the PEM is exported successfully, select **OK** and close all the tabs.

19. On the **Untitled** tab, do the following actions to generate a `.p12` file:

    1.  Right-click the key entry, select **Export**, and then select **Export Key Pair**.

    2.  In the Export Key Pair from KeyStore Entry dialog box, enter a password in the **Password for Output File:** field.

    3.  In the **Confirm Password** field, confirm the password.

    4.  Select **Export**.

        This file is saved as `.p12` file and is used in Unattended Robot for authentication.

    5.  After the key pair is exported successfully, in the Export Key Pair dialog box, select **OK**.


### What to do next

Activate the certificate-based authentication plugin, if you have the admin role. It is a prerequisite for registering the certificates on the instance. For more information, see Activate the certificate-based authentication.

Register user-generated client authentication certificate to make it available for authentication. For more information, see Register the CA certificate.

Map the user-generated client authentication certificate to the user. For more information, see Map the PEM certificate to user.

Install the generated client authentication and code signing certificate. For more information, see [Install the user-generated certificates](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/integrate-applications/workflow-data-fabric/use-user-certificates-rpa.md).

## Install the user-generated certificates

Install the user generated \(client authentication and code signing\) certificates in your Windows machine, if you have the admin role.

### Before you begin

Generate a client authentication and a code signing certificate. For more information, see [Generate a user certificate from KeyStore Explorer](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/integrate-applications/workflow-data-fabric/use-user-certificates-rpa.md).

Activate the certificate-based authentication plugin, if you have the admin role. It is a prerequisite for registering the certificates on the instance. For more information, see Activate the certificate-based authentication.

Register user-generated client authentication certificate to make it available for authentication. For more information, see Register the CA certificate.

Map the user-generated client authentication certificate to the user. For more information, see Map the PEM certificate to user.

Role required: admin

### About this task

**Important:** The following procedure is for reference only. The installation steps may vary, depending on how certificates used within your organization are generated. Consult your IT administrator for more details.

### Procedure

1.  Double-click the certificate file to open the Certificate Import Wizard dialog box.

2.  From the Store Location list, select one of the following options:

    -   If you’re installing a client authentication certificate, select **Local Machine ** to store a location for the certificate.
    -   If you’re installing a code signing certificate, select **Current User ** to store a location for the certificate.
3.  Select **Next**.

4.  In the File to import dialog box, specify the file that you want to import in the **File name** field.

5.  Select **Next**.

6.  In the Private key protection dialog box, enter a password in the **Password** field for the private key.

7.  In the Import options section, select the **Include all extended properties** option.

8.  Select **Next**.

9.  In the Certificate Store dialog box, select the **Automatically select the certificate store based on the type of certificate** option, to enable the Windows machine to automatically select a certificate store.

10. Select **Next**.

11. In the Completing the Certificate Import Wizard dialog box, select **Finish**.

12. In the Confirmation dialog box, select **OK**.


### What to do next

Add the user to manage private keys. For more information, see [Add user to manage private keys](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/integrate-applications/workflow-data-fabric/use-user-certificates-rpa.md).

## Add user to manage private keys

Add the user to manage private keys in your Windows machine, if you have the admin role, to complete the certificate generation.

### Before you begin

Install the user-generated \(client authentication and code signing\) certificates in your Windows machine, if you have the admin role. For more information, see [Install the user-generated certificates](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/integrate-applications/workflow-data-fabric/use-user-certificates-rpa.md).

Role required: admin

### Procedure

1.  In your Windows machine, from the Search menu, enter `Manage computer certificates`.

2.  In the Certificate Manager tool, navigate to **Certificates - Local Computer** &gt; **Personal** &gt; **Certificates**.

3.  In the Certificate Import Wizard dialog box, right-click the installed certificate and then navigate to **All Tasks** &gt; **Manage Private Keys**.

4.  In the Permissions dialog box, select **Add**.

5.  In the Select Users, Computers, Service Accounts, or Groups dialog box, in the **Enter the Object names to select** field, enter the user account that is used by the robot to log in to the machine.

6.  Select **Check Names**.

7.  Select the user account and then select **OK**.

8.  In the Permissions dialog box, select the added user, select the **Read** check box, and clear the **Full control** check box.

9.  Select **Apply** and then select **OK**.


### What to do next

Select the installed certificate in the **Certificate** field to do either of the following actions:

-   To set up the Unattended Robot. For more information, see [Set up Unattended Robot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/integrate-applications/workflow-data-fabric/set-up-rpa-runtime.md).
-   To publish an automation project in RPA Desktop Design Studio. For more information, see [Publish an automation project in RPA Desktop Design Studio](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/integrate-applications/workflow-data-fabric/publish-automation-project.md).

