---
title: Configure email reply recommendation in the Now Assist Admin console
description: Configure the email recommendation Now Assist skill to enable agents to draft email replies based on contextual information.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/zurich/intelligent-experiences/configure-email-recommendation.html
release: zurich
topic_type: task
last_updated: "2025-07-31"
reading_time_minutes: 3
keywords: [Configure, email, reply, Now Assist Admin, console, features, technology, skill, Generative AI, GenAI]
breadcrumb: [Activate a Now Assist skill, Using Now Assist Admin, Now Assist, Enable AI experiences]
---

# Configure email reply recommendation in the Now Assist Admin console

Configure the email recommendation Now Assist skill to enable agents to draft email replies based on contextual information.

## Before you begin

Role required: sn\_generative\_ai.nsa\_admin

## About this task

The email recommendation skill is available in multiple workflows. The exact steps and the order in which they appear for the guided setup for the skill vary depending on the workflow.

## Procedure

1.  Navigate to **All** &gt; **Now Assist Admin** &gt; **Now Assist Features**.

    If you’re already in the Now Assist Admin console, select the **Now Assist Features** tab.

2.  On the navigation panel, select a workflow, such as **Technology**.

    Each workflow contains feature sets. The available workflows for email recommendation are Customer \(CSM\) and Employee \(HRSD\).

3.  On the feature card that is associated with the skill you'd like to activate, select **View details**.

4.  In the All available skills section, select **Activate Skill**.

    If you have already activated the skill and want to edit the configuration, in the Active skills section, select the more options menu item \(\[Omitted image "more-options-menu-item.png"\] Alt text: More options menu item\). Then select **Edit**.

5.  In the **Write with Now Assist** step, choose whether you want the Now Assist context menu to be active and then select the actions you want to be available.

    After each step, select **Save and continue**. For more information about these choices, see [Skill inputs and triggers for Now Assist for HRSD](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/employee-service-management/now-assist-for-hrsd/now-assist-hrsd-skill-inputs.md).

    \[Omitted image "na-email-rec-wwna.png"\] Alt text: Write With Now Assist step in guided setup for email recommendation

6.  Choose when you want the skill to be available.

    You can select **Skill is always available** if you don’t want to place any restrictions on when the skill is available for use. If you want to add conditions, select **Customize skill availability**. Selecting this option opens up a condition builder for you to select fields and values that determine whether someone can use the skill.

7.  Choose the inputs or email parameters, including input data and whether you want to display template suggestions.

    Some options may be read-only in certain workflows.

    Additional context can improve the quality of the email recommendation. In the **Additional input fields** field, you can choose any fields not already selected in the **Default input fields**. You can include Knowledge articles by selecting the check box. You can choose a field from related records, such as resolution notes, in the **Related record field**. If there’s no value for the related record field or you don’t select one, you can also opt to include activity from related records.

    If you select **Show template recommendations**, then agents see a list of template suggestions generated by Now Assist when they go to select a template.

    \[Omitted image "na-email-rec-inputs.png"\] Alt text: Email params step of email recommendation skill setup

8.  In the next step of the skill configuration, select where you'd like to display the skill.

    You can select both in-product, Now Assist panel, or both.

    -   **In-product**: When selected, Now Assist skills are displayed on forms and workspaces.

        For the skills that appear in-product, select the down arrow to identify the roles that can use the skill.

    -   **Now Assist panel**: When selected, Now Assist skills are available in the Now Assist panel. If you don't see this option, you must activate the Now Assist panel. For more information, see [Activate the Now Assist panel standard chat](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/intelligent-experiences/activate-now-assist-panel.md).

        For the skills that appear in the Now Assist panel, select the down arrow to identify the roles that can use the skill.

    Roles can be added by entering the name of the role in the User roles field. Existing roles can be removed by selecting the X icon in the role bubble. You must have at least one role specified, but you can add as many as you like.

9.  Review your choices and select **Activate** to complete the configuration.


## Result

Agents can generate email drafts with generative AI.

**Parent Topic:**[Activate a Now Assist skill](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/intelligent-experiences/configure-a-now-assist-skill.md)

