---
title: Configure Now Assist settings in Now Assist Center
description: Use Now Assist Admin console configuration features on the Now Assist Admin page in the Now Assist Center workspace.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/zurich/intelligent-experiences/now-assist-center-configure-admin-settings.html
release: zurich
topic_type: task
last_updated: "2026-04-22"
reading_time_minutes: 5
keywords: [Now Assist, Now Assist Center, Gen AI, Generative AI]
breadcrumb: [Using Now Assist Admin console features, Using other Now Assist applications from Now Assist Center, Use, Now Assist Center, Enable AI experiences]
---

# Configure Now Assist settings in Now Assist Center

Use Now Assist Admin console configuration features on the Now Assist Admin page in the Now Assist Center workspace.

## Before you begin

Role required: sn\_na\_center.nac\_admin

## About this task

Follow these steps to configure Now Assist settings.

Now Assist Admin console features from the Experiences and Settings sections are accessible on the Now Assist Center admin page. The features are regrouped in Now Assist Center based on the type of action to perform.

## Procedure

1.  Navigate to **All** &gt; **Now Assist Center** or **Workspaces** &gt; **Now Assist Center**.

2.  Select **Admin** \(\[Omitted image "icon-now-assist-center-nav-admin.png"\] Alt text: Admin icon. \) in the side navigation bar.

    The Now Assist Admin page opens.

    \[Omitted image "now-assist-center-admin-2.png"\] Alt text: Now Assist Admin page in Now Assist Center.

3.  Select one of the options to on the Now Assist Admin page.

    The selection opens in a new tab in the Now Assist Center workspace.

    The following table lists the Now Assist Admin console options on the Now Assist Admin page.

<table id="table_m2x_x3b_1jc"><thead><tr><th>

Option

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

Account

</td><td>

Opens the Account page from Now Assist Admin console.

 Review your Now Assist license details to make sure that you're up to date on what's available to you.

 For more information, see [Review Now Assist account](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/intelligent-experiences/review-now-assist-account-information.md).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Multilingual service

</td><td>

Opens the Multilingual Service page from Now Assist Admin console.

 Turn on multilingual service for user-entered text with native translation or Dynamic Translation in Now Assist applications.

 For more information, see [Configure multilingual service for Now Assist applications](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/intelligent-experiences/enable-dynamic-translation-for-now-assist-applications.md).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Now Assist plugins

</td><td>

Opens the Plugins page from Now Assist Admin console.

 Install Now Assist plugins to enable generative AI on your instance.

 For more information, see [Install Now Assist plugins](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/intelligent-experiences/install-now-assist-feature-plugins.md).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Prompt injection

</td><td>

Opens the Prompt Injection page from Now Assist Admin console.

 Activate or deactivate prompt injection attack detection to protect all generative AI applications and AI-generated text and conversations on your instance from malicious inputs and unintended model behaviors.

 For more information, see [Configure prompt injection attack protection](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/intelligent-experiences/configure-prompt-injection-attack-protection.md).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Offensiveness

</td><td>

Opens the Offensiveness page from Now Assist Admin console.

 Activate offensiveness detection to log or block offensive content generated by Now Assist skills and workflows.

 For more information, see [Activate offensiveness protection for generative AI](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/intelligent-experiences/activate-offensiveness-protection-for-generative-ai.md).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Sensitive filters

</td><td>

Opens the Filters page from Now Assist Admin console.

 Set up filters in Now Assist Guardian to redirect Virtual Agent users to a live agent or HR case when a sensitive subject is detected in a conversation.

 For more information, see [Configure sensitive topic filters](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/intelligent-experiences/configure-sensitive-topic-filters.md).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Model providers

</td><td>

Opens the Manage model providers page from Now Assist Admin console.

 Edit or customize the model provider for a skill or skill group at the instance level from the list of supported third-party model providers, including the default Now LLM Service. You can also review the model policy set by your organization and view the change history.

 For more information, see [Manage model providers](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/intelligent-experiences/edit-model-providers.md).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Model versions

</td><td>

Opens the Manage model versions page from Now Assist Admin console.

 Manage the version of the model providers across skills and instance levels. You can change and update versions for the base system and custom skills.

 For more information, see [Manage version](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/intelligent-experiences/manage-version.md).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Manage integrations

</td><td>

Opens the Manage Integration tab on the Manage model providers page from Now Assist Admin console.

 Choose the preferred integration type for configuring the available model providers. There are two ways to configure a model provider in Now Assist Admin. You can select Original Equipment Manufacturer \(OEM\) or Bring Your Own Key \(BYOK\).

 For more information, see [Manage Integration](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/intelligent-experiences/manage-integration.md).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Data privacy policies

</td><td>

Opens the Privacy policies page from Now Assist Admin console.

 Configure privacy policies to anonymize data in Now Assist.

 For more information, see [Configure Now Assist privacy policies](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/intelligent-experiences/configure-privacy-policies.md).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Data sharing

</td><td>

Opens the Data sharing page from Now Assist Admin console.

 Data sharing improves ServiceNow AI products. You can opt out of data sharing from this page.

 For more information, see [Opt out of data sharing for Now Assist](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/intelligent-experiences/opt-out-of-data-sharing-for-now-assist.md).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Data processing

</td><td>

Opens the Data overflow processing page from Now Assist Admin console.

 Configure where Now Assist data is processed during periods of high traffic.

 For more information, see [Configure Now Assist data overflow processing](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/intelligent-experiences/configure-na-data-overflow.md).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Now Assist panel

</td><td>

Opens the Now Assist Panel page from Now Assist Admin console.

 With the Now Assist panel, you can get assistance from generative AI experiences to solve customer issues faster. Use this conversational interface to summarize a chat, case, or incident, get help, or generate resolution notes so that you can get the context of this information more quickly.

 For more information, see [Now Assist panel](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/intelligent-experiences/now-assist-panel-overview.md).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Now Assist context menu

</td><td>

Opens the Now Assist Context Menu page from Now Assist Admin console.

 The Now Assist context menu uses generative AI to help agents summarize, create, and edit written content, thus streamlining their writing tasks.

 For more information, see [Now Assist context menu](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/intelligent-experiences/now-assist-write-overview.md).

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>
**Parent Topic:**[Using Now Assist Admin console features in Now Assist Center](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/intelligent-experiences/now-assist-center-using-admin-console.md)

