---
title: Discovery Console for OT API
description: You can access the Console Discovery data via the API. On the Settings page, select the API tab to view and use the active tokens, denied tokens, and endpoints needed to communicate with the Service Graph Connector \(SGC\).
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/operational-technology/api-discovery-console.html
release: australia
product: Operational Technology
classification: operational-technology
topic_type: concept
last_updated: "2026-06-22"
reading_time_minutes: 3
breadcrumb: [Settings page, Use the Console pages, Discovery Console for Operational Technology \(OT\), Operational Technology Native Discovery components, Operational Technology Discovery, Operational Technology]
---

# Discovery Console for OT API

You can access the Console Discovery data via the API. On the Settings page, select the **API** tab to view and use the active tokens, denied tokens, and endpoints needed to communicate with the Service Graph Connector \(SGC\).

**Note:** To learn more about the Service Graph Connector, see [Service Graph Connector for ServiceNow Operational Technology \(OT\) Discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/operational-technology/sgc-ot-discovery.md)

## API settings

The API settings are used to set up the active tokens, denied tokens, and endpoints needed to communicate with the SGC for ServiceNow Discovery for Operational Technology \(OT\).

Tokens can be imported or exported, and endpoints can be downloaded.

The SGC enables the API to communicate data from the Discovery Console for OT and other Discovery components to the ServiceNow instance. Data can also be communicated to and from external APIs.

## Functionality

The SGC has been enhanced for better connection to and from the Discovery components, the Discovery Console for OT API, and your ServiceNow instance.

The SGC provides Discovery Console for OT API functions such as:

-   Sends the status of the user license.
-   Imports all software programs that are identified on the devices and returns a paginated list from the SoftwaresAPI view.

    The API ingests software and provides the following program attributes:

    -   `inputProduct`: the software name
    -   `Version`: the version of the installed software
    -   `inputVendor`: the manufacturer of the software
    -   `lastSeenOn`: the assets' LastSeenOn field added to the object
    -   `assetId`: derived fro the \_id for the asset document containing the software array.
    -   `_id`: for the document; should be the \_id for the object in the software array
-   Transfers images and screen shots from the Console to the ServiceNow instance. This returns images in a paginated list with these filters:
    -   `UpdateOn`
    -   `CreatedOn`
    -   `ScreenShot`
    -   `Size`
    -   `OCR Words`
    -   `Titles`
-   Pushes Discovery Sensor for OT information to the ServiceNow instance.
    -   The API can be used to return the `sensorId`.
    -   You can gather information about the Sensor and use it to discover assets.
    -   Sensor information can be pushed via the API to the ServiceNow.
-   Send to the Console virtual machine \(VM\) health metrics and host metrics of the Sensor and the Scout. This helps with visibility of version, installed processes, and the health of the host machine of Discovery Console for OT, Discovery Sensor for OT, and Discovery Scout for OT.

## Indirect network connection \(air-gapped\)

For security reasons, a computer or system may not be directly connected to the internet or may be on an unsecured LAN. In such a situation, the Discovery for Operational Technology components cannot push files or data to the MID Server and from there via the Service Graph Connector on to the ServiceNow instance.

To solve the air-gap issue, the Discovery Console for OT can generate JSON files. These JSON files are physical files and can be manually copied and then moved to the MID server via an external drive. They can then be manually copied to a specific directory on the MID server and then consumed through the SGC to the ServiceNow instance.

For example, if you navigate to **Settings &gt; Exports** on the Discovery Console for OT, you can download data generated by the Discovery components as a JSON export file. You can schedule the frequency of these downloads setting the number of days and time of day. These files are saved to the `/opt/MSi/srv/apiexports` directory. From there you can move them to physical media like a thumb drive. You can then copy or import the JSON files to the MID Server and on to the SGC and then to the ServiceNow instance.

\[Omitted image "settings-export-download.png"\] Alt text: Settings &gt; Export page

To edit the Console API, see [Edit API settings](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/operational-technology/edit-api-settings-console.md).

