---
title: Delete a subflow's flow history entry
description: Delete a subflow's flow history entry from the flow history list.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/build-workflows/workflow-studio/delete-subflow-history-entry.html
release: australia
product: Workflow Studio
classification: workflow-studio
topic_type: task
last_updated: "2026-03-12"
reading_time_minutes: 1
breadcrumb: [Subflow history, Build subflows, Flows, subflows, and actions, Workflow Studio, Build workflows]
---

# Delete a subflow's flow history entry

Delete a subflow's flow history entry from the flow history list.

## Before you begin

Role required: flow\_designer or admin

## About this task

By default, Workflow Studio stores 100 flow history records. When the total number of flow history entries exceeds this limit, Workflow Studio overwrites the oldest history entry that is not marked as a favorite.

By default, Workflow Studio overwrites all autosave history entries generated by the same user for 60 minutes. The time limit reduces the number of autosave flow history entries created while someone is editing the subflow. If you still have too many autosave flow history entries, have an administrator raise the time limit for the **Replace previous autosave history with latest as long as it was within the last "X" minutes and by the same user** system property. For more information about using this property, see [Workflow Studio flow system properties](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/build-workflows/workflow-studio/flow-designer-system-properties.md).

Since you can't recover deleted flow history entries, consider saving a copy of any flow history entries that you want to preserve.

## Procedure

1.  Navigate to **All** &gt; **Process Automation** &gt; **Workflow Studio**.

2.  On the homepage, select **Subflows**.

3.  Open the subflow whose flow history entries you want to delete.

4.  Select **Edit subflow**.

5.  From the sidebar view, select the **History** icon.

6.  From the list of flow history entries, select the entry that you want to delete.

    Workflow Studio displays the configuration of flow history entry in the Flow History view.

7.  From the Flow History view, select **Delete**.

    \[Omitted image "subflow-history-delete-01.png"\] Alt text: Flow configuration for 5th June, 5:14AM with an option to delete

8.  From the Delete entry confirmation dialog box, select **Delete entry**.

    \[Omitted image "subflow-history-delete-02.png"\] Alt text: Delete entry dialog box.


## Result

\[Omitted image "subflow-history-delete-03.png"\] Alt text: Workflow Studio displays the current subflow's flow history entry

Workflow Studio displays the current subflow's flow history entry.

**Parent Topic:**[Subflow history](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/build-workflows/workflow-studio/subflow-history.md)

