---
title: Flow history
description: View and manage the history of a flow. See past configurations of a flow to copy, restore, or remove them.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/zurich/build-workflows/workflow-studio/flow-history.html
release: zurich
product: Workflow Studio
classification: workflow-studio
topic_type: concept
last_updated: "2025-07-31"
reading_time_minutes: 4
breadcrumb: [Building flows, Use, Workflow Studio, Build workflows]
---

# Flow history

View and manage the history of a flow. See past configurations of a flow to copy, restore, or remove them.

The flow history view enables you to perform these actions.

-   View the configuration for each flow history entry.
-   See the date and time stamp of when a flow history entry was created.
-   See the user name of the person who updated the flow.
-   See the type of operation that created the flow history entry.
-   Add an annotation for a flow history entry.
-   Add a flow history entry as a favorite.
-   Filter flow history entries by type or user.
-   Save a copy of a flow history entry as a new flow.
-   Restore a flow history entry as the current configuration of a flow.
-   Delete a flow history entry.

## Flow history components

\[Omitted image "flow-history-view-parts-of-ui.png"\] Alt text: Six components available in the flow history view for a sample flow

The Flow history view consists of these components within a flow.

-   **1. Flow History view**

    Label indicating that you are looking at a particular flow history entry. There's also an option to return back to the flow editing view.

-   **2. Name of the flow history entry**

    Name of the flow history entry as a unique date and time stamp.

-   **3. Flow history options**

    Options to delete, save as copy, and restore a flow history entry.

-   **4. Flow history list**

    List of flow history entries. Each entry has a card listing flow details and options. You can apply a filter to only see history entries that match specific conditions.

-   **5. Flow history card**

    Card listing the flow details of the flow history entry. Details include the date and time stamp when the flow was created, any annotation describing the flow, the user who made the flow history entry, and the type of flow operation that created the flow history entry. Each card also provides options to add the history entry as a favorite, add an annotation, or delete the flow history entry.

-   **6. Flow sidebar views**

    Views available to display in the sidebar. The sidebar can display the flow data or the flow history. There's also an option to display the help panel.


## Flow history entry types

The system creates flow history entries whenever someone perform one of these operations.

|Operation|Description|
|---------|-----------|
|Force saved|Entry created when someone uses the Force save option to manually save the flow configuration. For more information about force saving a flow, see [Save as you go flows](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/build-workflows/workflow-studio/save-as-you-go-flows.md).|
|Deactivated|Entry created when someone deactivates an active or published flow.|
|Activated/Published|Entry created when someone activates or publishes a flow.|
|Autosaved|Entry created when someone performs an operation that autosaves the flow. For more information about what operations automatically save a flow, see [Save as you go flows](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/build-workflows/workflow-studio/save-as-you-go-flows.md).|
|Restored|Entry created when someone restores a flow to a prior configuration.|
|Deployed|Entry created when someone creates a new flow or deploys the flow on this instance from the application repository or an update set.|

## Filter options

You can filter flow history entries by type or user.

\[Omitted image "flow-history-filter-popup-02.png"\] Alt text: FIlter options by flow history entry type and user

Select a history entry type to show it in the flow history list. Clear a history entry type to hide from the flow history list.

You can filter flow history entries to show flow history entries from all users or just your flow history entries.

## Automatic save overwrite interval

By default, Workflow Studio overwrites autosave history entries that are made by the same user during a 60 minute interval. All autosave history entries generated by the same user during this interval are saved as one history entry. During this interval, the most recent autosave history entry overwrites the previous autosave history entry. The save interval reduces the number of flow history entries generated by one user, which helps prevent reaching the history entry limit. You can set the automatic save overwrite interval using the sn\_flow\_designer.autosave\_version\_interval system property. For more information about this system property, see [Workflow Studio flow system properties](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/build-workflows/workflow-studio/flow-designer-system-properties.md).

## Favorite flow history entries

Each flow can have up to 20 favorite flow history entries. Marking a flow history entry as a favorite prevents the entry from being overwritten when the flow history entry limit is reached. You can also use favorites to communicate to other users that the entry contains a valuable configuration that should be saved. When a flow reaches its history favorite limit, you must remove an existing favorite before you can add a new one.

## Flow history entry limit

By default, Workflow Studio stores 100 flow history records. When the total number of flow history entries exceeds this limit, Workflow Studio overwrites the oldest history entry that is not marked as a favorite. You can set the maximum number of flow history records to store using the sn\_flow\_designer.maximum\_flow\_history\_records\_per\_flow system property. For more information about using this property, see [Workflow Studio flow system properties](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/build-workflows/workflow-studio/flow-designer-system-properties.md).

-   **[Add an annotation to a flow history entry](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/build-workflows/workflow-studio/add-annotation-to-flow-history-entry.md)**  
Add a text description to a flow history entry. Summarize the purpose or contents of a particular flow history entry.
-   **[Delete a flow history entry](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/build-workflows/workflow-studio/delete-flow-history-entry.md)**  
Delete a flow history entry from the flow history list.
-   **[Restore a flow to a previous flow history entry](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/build-workflows/workflow-studio/restore-flow-to-previous-flow-history-entry.md)**  
Restore a flow to a previous configuration. Create a new flow history entry for the restore operation.
-   **[Save a copy of a flow history entry](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/build-workflows/workflow-studio/save-copy-flow-history-entry.md)**  
Create a copy of a flow history entry and save it as a new flow.

**Parent Topic:**[Building flows](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/build-workflows/workflow-studio/flows.md)

