---
title: Flow execution settings
description: Specify the runtime settings for an individual flow, subflow, or action such as the run priority, reporting level, and logging level.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/zurich/build-workflows/workflow-studio/flow-execution-settings.html
release: zurich
product: Workflow Studio
classification: workflow-studio
topic_type: concept
last_updated: "2025-09-03"
reading_time_minutes: 3
breadcrumb: [Flow administration, Flows, Configure, Workflow Studio, Build workflows]
---

# Flow execution settings

Specify the runtime settings for an individual flow, subflow, or action such as the run priority, reporting level, and logging level.

\[Omitted image "example-flow-execution-setting-records-list.png"\] Alt text: List of two flow execution setting records.

You can create an execution settings record for each flow, subflow, or action for which you want to collect execution details. An execution setting record \[sys\_flow\_execution\_setting\] overrides the reporting system properties for a particular item. For example, you can keep the system wide reporting level off, and create execution setting records just for the items that you want to collect execution details.

You can create as many execution settings records as you like. The system generates execution details each time the flow, subflow, or action is directly run. Actions or subflows that run from a parent flow use the execution settings record of the parent flow.

**Note:** You can call actions and subflows directly using the action API or script API.

Execution setting records are available from the Flow administration module.

## Execution setting record fields

\[Omitted image "example-flow-execution-setting-record.png"\] Alt text: Execution setting record for the flow called Add a pause. The flow reports all iterations, generates reporting details at full, and replicates logs at the info level.

An execution setting record \[sys\_flow\_execution\_setting\] contains these fields.

<table id="table_vdh_n13_v1c"><thead><tr><th>

Field

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

Flow/SubFlow/Action

</td><td>

Individual flow, subflow, or action to which the execution settings apply.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Report all iterations

</td><td>

Option to gather execution details for all iterations of a loop that have run rather than just storing execution details for the first and last run iterations. If a flow pauses between iterations, then the execution details include all iterations that have run. When this option is false, the execution details only include the first and last iterations run.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Reporting

</td><td>

Reporting level at which to gather execution details.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Logging

</td><td>

Logging level threshold required for Workflow Studio to write a message generated by the flow engine to the Flow engine log entries \[sys\_flow\_log\] table.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Flow Priority

</td><td>

Priority value used to run a background flow. For more information about setting flow priority, see [Flow priority](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/build-workflows/workflow-studio/flow-priority.md).**Note:** This field is hidden by default. For more information about showing the flow priority field, see [Show flow priority field](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/build-workflows/workflow-studio/show-flow-priority-field.md).

.

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>## General guidelines

Use these general guidelines when creating execution setting records to capture execution details.

-   **Avoid reporting on production instances**

    Avoid performance issues on your production instance by only activating and configuring reporting on a non-production instance that you use for testing. Generating and storing execution details consumes instance resources, which can lower performance.

-   **Create execution setting records on a non-production test instance**

    Create execution setting records on a non-production testing instance to minimize the performance impact of generating and storing execution details.

-   **Reduce the amount of memory consumed by flow loops**

    Reduce the amount of memory consumed by generating execution details by not using the option to report all iterations. The more iterations you report on, the more memory is required.

-   **Test flows, subflows, and actions to generate execution details**

    Test your flows, subflows to generate execution details at the debug level. Only deploy your items to a production instance after you verify that they generate the data you want and that they perform as expected.

-   **Use flow reporting and the report all iterations options only during flow troubleshooting**

    Use the flow reporting and report all iterations options only when you need to troubleshoot a flow. These settings generate information that consume instance resources. To reduce their performance impact, either turn off these settings or delete the settings record altogether when you are done troubleshooting the flow.


**Parent Topic:**[Flow administration](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/build-workflows/workflow-studio/flow-administration.md)

