---
title: Use an AI agent action
description: Use flow data to run an AI agent and configure the expected agent output for use later in the flow.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/zurich/build-workflows/workflow-studio/use-an-ai-agent-action.html
release: zurich
product: Workflow Studio
classification: workflow-studio
topic_type: reference
last_updated: "2026-02-25"
reading_time_minutes: 3
breadcrumb: [Actions, Flows, subflows, and actions reference, Reference, Workflow Studio, Build workflows]
---

# Use an AI agent action

Use flow data to run an AI agent and configure the expected agent output for use later in the flow.

## Roles and availability

Available as a Flow Designer Gen AI spoke action, which requires the Now Assist AI agents plugin. Users with the flow\_designer or admin role can add an action to a flow and define configuration details.

## Inputs

Provide a value for each input that your action needs. To add dynamic values, you can also select data pills using the pill picker.

-   **AI Agent**

    Data type: **Reference**

    The AI Agent that you want to use in this flow. You must install the Now Assist AI agents plugin and create and configure an AI agent. For information about installing the Now Assist AI agents plugin, see [Install Now Assist AI agents](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/intelligent-experiences/enable-ai-experiences/install-ai-agents-plugins.md). For information about creating an AI agent, see [Create an AI agent](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/intelligent-experiences/enable-ai-experiences/configure-next-best-action-agent.md).

-   **Support User**

    Data type: **Reference**

    The user who is contacted by Now Assist to review and authorize the AI agent's work when the AI agent runs in supervised mode. Select a user who meets the security criteria defined in the AI security controls. If the AI agents is configured to accept a dynamic user, select a user that has the roles necessary to run the AI agent. For more information about the security controls of an AI agent, see [Define security controls for an AI agent](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/intelligent-experiences/enable-ai-experiences/define-sec-controls-aia.md). For information about turning on the Now Assist panel, see [Activate the Now Assist panel standard chat](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/intelligent-experiences/enable-ai-experiences/activate-now-assist-panel.md).

-   **Objective**

    Data type: **String**

    The text directions sent to the AI agent.

-   **Wait for completion**

    Data type: **True/False**

    Option to pause the flow until the AI agent finishes running and provides output values.

-   **Execution mode**

    Data type: **Choice**

    Option to run an AI agent with or without user input or approval. In Autonomous mode, the action runs the AI agent without any user input or approval. In Supervised mode, the action requires user input or approval to run the AI agent.

-   **Expected outputs**

    Data type: **Dynamic Object**

    List of output objects that the AI agent is expected to return. Each expected output is an object that has a label, name, and a data type value. You can use the expected outputs to gather data from the AI agent and then use that data elsewhere in the flow.

-   **Conversation label**

    Data type: **String**

    The name that identifies the conversation about running the AI agent in the Now Assist panel. For information about activating the Now Assist panel, see [Activate the Now Assist panel standard chat](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/intelligent-experiences/enable-ai-experiences/activate-now-assist-panel.md).

-   **Context Memory**

    Data type: **String**

    The context information that you want to send to the AI agent. This context helps determine what output values the AI agent produces.


## Outputs

You can use these outputs as inputs for other items.

-   **Execution Plan Record**

    Data type: **Reference**

    The record containing the Objective, Execution Tasks, Messages, and Tools Executions run by the AI agent.

-   **Agent Output**

    Data type: **Dynamic Object**

    The object containing the list of expected output values generated by the AI agent.

-   **Agent Message**

    Data type: **String**

    The message returned by the AI agent.

-   **Agent Status**

    Data type: **String**

    The run status of the AI agent. The AI agent returns success when it runs or failure when it doesn't run.


## Use Incident resolution details AI agent

\[Omitted image "example-use-ai-agent-complete-flow.png"\] Alt text: Demonstration flow that includes the Use an AI agent action and the Send Email action

This example requires installing the Now Assist for IT Service Management \(ITSM\) plugin and turning on the Resolution notes generation skill.

\[Omitted image "example-use-ai-agent-inputs.png"\] Alt text: Sample input configuration of the Use an AI agent action

In this example, the Use an AI agent action is configured to use the Incident resolution details AI agent in a supervised mode. The objective lists data that will help the AI understand the resolution of an incident.

\[Omitted image "example-use-ai-agent-wait-support-user.png"\] Alt text:

Since this example runs in supervised mode, the flow pauses until the support user interacts with the conversation generated in the Now Assist panel.

\[Omitted image "example-use-ai-agent-flow-completed.png"\] Alt text:

After the support user provides the necessary response, the flow continues running the action and provides it output values. The flow uses these output values to send an email message.

**Parent Topic:**[Workflow Studio actions](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/build-workflows/workflow-studio/flow-actions.md)

