---
title: Available on-premise discovery patterns
description: ITOM Visibility comes with an extensive library of patterns.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/available-patterns.html
release: australia
product: Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns
classification: discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns
topic_type: concept
last_updated: "2026-03-12"
reading_time_minutes: 13
breadcrumb: [Discovery patterns used by ITOM Visibility, ITOM Visibility, IT Operations Management]
---

# Available on-premise discovery patterns

ITOM Visibility comes with an extensive library of patterns.

ServiceNow releases new discovery patterns on the [ServiceNow Store](https://store.servicenow.com/sn_appstore_store.do#!/store/home) on a monthly basis to ensure that your organization can discover the latest industry-standard devices and applications. Major ServiceNow versions incorporate patterns previously released on the ServiceNow Store.

For a complete list of devices and applications that ITOM Visibility can discover, see [Detailed information on products discovered by ITOM Visibility](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/itom-visibility/r_SupportedApplications.md).

-   **[Apache Cassandra database discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/cassandra-discovery.md)**  
ServiceNow Discovery finds the Apache and the DataStax Cassandra database on UNIX using the Cassandra Distributed DB pattern. Discovering some of these resources requires installing the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns from the ServiceNow® Store.
-   **[Apache Kafka and Apache Zookeeper discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/kafka-zookeeper-discovery.md)**  
ServiceNow Discovery uses the Kafka and Zookeeper discovery pattern to find Kafka data built on the Zookeeper synchronization service.
-   **[Apigee Edge Enterprise edition discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/apigee-edge-discovery.md)**  
The ServiceNow Discovery application uses the APIGee pattern to find Apigee Edge Enterprise edition versions 4.x.x. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[Avi Vantage load balancer discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/avi-load-balancer-discovery.md)**  
The ServiceNow Discovery and Service Mapping applications use the Avi load balancer discovery patterns to find Avi Vantage load balancer components. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[Next-Generation Cisco Firewall discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/cisco-fw-discovery.md)**  
The ServiceNow Discovery application uses the Next Generation Cisco Firewall pattern to find Cisco firewalls. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[Cisco Switch Wireless Access Point \(WAP\) discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/cisco-waps-discovery.md)**  
The ServiceNow Discovery application uses the Cisco WAPs extension to find Wireless Access Points \(WAPs\) that are controlled by a Cisco network switch. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[Citrix NetScaler SDX discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/citrix-netscaler-sdx-discovery.md)**  
The ServiceNow Discovery application can discover Citrix NetScaler SDX devices using the Citrix NetScaler SDX pattern. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[Citrix Xen Hyper-V Discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/citrix-xen-hyper-v-discovery.md)**  
ServiceNow Discovery uses the Citrix Xen Hyper-V pattern to find and map instances. Discover these resources by installing the pattern applications from the ServiceNow Store and add Citrix Xen Hyper-V to the Linux Server Pattern’s Extension Section.
-   **[Cloudian Storage Discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/cloudian-storage-discovery.md)**  
ServiceNow Discovery uses the Cloudian Storage discovery pattern to find Cloudian servers and related disks. Discovering these resources requires installing the Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[Cohesity storage system discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/cohesity-storage-system-discovery.md)**  
The Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application uses the Cohesity Storage System pattern to find clusters, nodes, and chassis for the Cohesity DataPlatform. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[ColdFusion discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/cold-fusion-discovery.md)**  
The ServiceNow Discovery application finds Adobe ColdFusion servers and the instances of ColdFusion applications running on them. Only the 2016 version of ColdFusion is supported. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[Couchbase Database discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/couchbase-db-discovery.md)**  
The ServiceNow Discovery application uses the Couchbase Instance discovery pattern to find and map Couchbase Database instances and their clusters. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[Dell EMC XtremIO storage array discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/xtreamio-storage-array-discovery.md)**  
ServiceNow Discovery uses the Dell EMC XtremIO storage array pattern to find Dell EMC XtremIO storage array components. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[Dell EMC Isilon discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/emc-isilon-discovery.md)**  
The ServiceNow Discovery application uses the Dell EMC Isilon pattern to find components of Dell EMC Isilon. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[Dell PowerMax storage discovery with Patterns](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/emc-powermax-discovery-pattern.md)**  
ServiceNow Discovery uses the **EMC PMAX phase1** and **EMC PMAX phase2** patterns to find Dell PowerMax storage components. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[Dell Data Domain storage discovery using Patterns](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/emc-data-domain-pattern.md)**  
 Discovery and Service Mapping use the **Dell EMC Data Domain** serverless pattern to find the Data Domain storage systems registered in the Data Domain Management Center \(DDMC\). Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[F5 certificate discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/f5-certificate-discovery.md)**  
The ServiceNow® Discovery application uses **The F5-SSH-SSL Certification** pattern extension to find all associated certificates on F5 load balancers that use IPv4 addresses, IPv6 addresses, or both.
-   **[Fortinet firewall and FortiGate VDOM REST-based discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/fortinet-fw-vdoms-rest-discovery.md)**  
The Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application uses the Next Generation Fortinet Network Firewall - REST pattern to find Fortinet firewalls through REST API calls. Additionally, the pattern extension VDOM Discovery finds FortiGate Virtual Domains \(VDOMs\). Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[Next-Generation Fortinet Network Firewall SNMP-based discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/fortinet-fw-discovery.md)**  
The Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application uses the Next Generation Fortinet Network Firewall pattern to find Fortinet firewalls through a series of SNMP calls. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[Gunicorn pattern-based discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/gunicorn-pattern.md)**  
Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns finds Gunicorn WSGI HTTP server instances running on Linux servers. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[HAProxy load balancer discovery with patterns](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/haproxy-lb-discovery-pattern.md)**  
The Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application uses the HA Proxy pattern to find HAProxy Community load balancers running on a Linux server. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[HPE BladeSystem Enclosure Discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/hpe-bladesystem-enclosure-discovery.md)**  
ServiceNow Discovery uses the HPE BladeSystem Enclosure discovery pattern to discover BladeSystem, which is a line of Hewlett Packard Enterprise blade server machines. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[IBM Db2 on Linux database discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/ibm-db2-linux-discovery.md)**  
ServiceNow Discovery uses the Db2 on Linux discovery pattern to find IBM Db2 instances on Linux servers.
-   **[IBM Db2 on Windows database discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/ibm-db2-windows-discovery.md)**  
ServiceNow Discovery uses the Db2 on Windows discovery pattern to find IBM Db2 instances on Windows servers.
-   **[IBM Informix Dynamic Server discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/ibm-informix-discovery.md)**  
The ServiceNow Discovery and Service Mapping applications can find and map the Informix Dynamic Server. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[IBM PowerHA SystemMirror for AIX discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/ibm-powerha-hamcp-discovery.md)**  
The ServiceNow Discovery application uses the IBM PowerHA Cluster \(HACMP\) pattern to find IBM PowerHA SystemMirror for AIX \(formerly HACMP\) high-availability clusters on AIX UNIX and Linux systems running on IBM platforms. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[IBM Virtualization and Hardware Management Console discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/ibm-hmc-discovery.md)**  
The Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application uses the IBM HMC Server pattern to find information about Hardware Management Console \(HMC\), frame, and logical partition \(LPAR\) servers. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[IBM WebSEAL discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/ibm_webseal_discovery_patterns.md)**  
The ® Discovery application uses the IBM WebSEAL patterns to find WebSEAL applications, web application servers, and junctions on your infrastructure. Discovering some of these resources requires installing the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ® Store.
-   **[IBM WebSphere Application Server discovery using patterns](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/ibm-websphere-server-pattern.md)**  
The Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application uses the Websphere On Windows and Websphere On Unix patterns to find IBM WebSphere Application Servers. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[InfiniBox Discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/infinibox-discovery.md)**  
ServiceNow Discovery uses the InfiniBox pattern to find and map instances. Discovering these resources requires installing the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[Next-Generation Juniper Network Firewall discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/juniper-fw-discovery.md)**  
The ServiceNow Discovery application uses the Next-Generation Juniper Network Firewall discovery pattern to find Juniper network firewalls. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[Linux Pacemaker Cluster discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/linux-pacemaker-cluster-discovery.md)**  
The ServiceNow Discovery application uses the Linux Pacemaker Cluster discovery pattern to find high-availability cluster data and populate the CMDB with the discovered information. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[Microsoft Certificate Authority \(CA\) certificates discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/microsoft-ca-discovery.md)**  
The ServiceNow Discovery application can discover Microsoft Certificate Authority \(CA\) certificates using the Microsoft CA - Certificate Management pattern. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[NetApp SolidFire storage system discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/solidfire-storage-pattern.md)**  
ServiceNow Discovery uses the NetApp SolidFire storage system discovery pattern to find clusters and nodes on the SolidFire storage system. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[Network router discovery using patterns](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/network-router-patterns.md)**  
The Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application uses the Network Router pattern to find network routers in your environment. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[Network switch discovery using patterns](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/network-switch-patterns.md)**  
The Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application uses the Network Switch pattern to find network switches in your environment. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[Nutanix Acropolis discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/nutanix-pattern.md)**  
The ServiceNow Discovery application uses the Nutanix Components pattern to find components of the Nutanix Acropolis solution containing Nutanix Prism Central version 2024.3.1.8 or Nutanix Prism Element 7.0.1.6. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[NVIDIA GPU discovery using patterns](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/nvidia-gpu-discovery-pattern.md)**  
The Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application uses the Linux Server pattern extension **Discover Nvidia GPU** to find NVIDIA graphics processing units \(GPUs\). Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[Oracle Analytics Server pattern-based discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/oracle-analytics-server-pattern.md)**  
Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns finds Oracle Analytics Server \(formerly Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition\) components on Windows and Linux servers in your environment. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[Oracle Catalog discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/oracle-catalog-discovery.md)**  
The Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application uses the **Get Catalog info** pattern extension of the Oracle DB on Unix and Oracle DB on Windows patterns to find Oracle Catalog objects. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[Oracle pluggable database and container database discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/oracle-cdb-pdb-discovery.md)**  
The ServiceNow Discovery application can discover Oracle pluggable databases \(PDBs\) and container databases \(CDBs\). Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[Oracle GLAS data collection using patterns](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/oracle-glas-discovery.md)**  
The ServiceNow Discovery application uses the Oracle GLAS Data Collection pattern extensions to discover Oracle GLAS data. This data includes discovered Oracle Database, Middleware, and Java configuration items.
-   **[Oracle GoldenGate discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/oracle-golden-gate-discovery.md)**  
The ServiceNow Discovery and Service Mapping applications find Oracle GoldenGate version 12c components using the Oracle Golden Gate pattern. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[Oracle Linux Virtualization Manager and Red Hat Virtualization discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/red-hat-virtualization-discovery.md)**  
The ServiceNow Discovery application uses patterns to find Oracle Linux Virtualization Manager \(OLVM\) and Red Hat Virtualization \(RHV\) components. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[Oracle Listener HD discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/oracle-listener-hd-discovery.md)**  
ServiceNow Discovery uses the Oracle Listener HD pattern to find and map Oracle real application cluster components. To discover these resources, install the CMDB CI Class Models and the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[Oracle Solaris LDOM discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/solaris-ldom-discovery.md)**  
Discovery uses the Solaris Logical Domain \(LDOM\) infrastructure pattern and Solaris LDOM shared library pattern to find all LDOM data. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[Palo Alto Networks firewall discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/palo-alto-fw-discovery.md)**  
The ServiceNow Discovery application uses the Next-Generation Palo Alto Firewall pattern to find Palo Alto Networks firewalls. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[Pivotal Cloud Foundry discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/pivotal-cloud-foundry.md)**  
The ServiceNow Discovery application finds Pivotal Cloud Foundry \(PCF\) version 3 components using the Pivotal Cloud Foundry pattern. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[Pure Storage FlashArray discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/flasharray-discovery.md)**  
The Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application uses the Pure Storage Flash Array pattern to find Pure Storage FlashArray on your infrastructure. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[Pure Storage FlashBlade discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/pure-storage-discovery.md)**  
The ServiceNow Discovery application uses the FlashBlade Pure Storage pattern to find FlashBlade components. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[Red Hat JBoss Fuse discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/jboss-fuse-discovery.md)**  
The ServiceNow Discovery and Service Mapping applications can find and map the Fuse application server using the JBoss Fuse pattern. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[Rubrik Cluster discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/rubrik-discovery.md)**  
Discovery uses multiple patterns to find all Rubrik cluster data. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[Veritas Cluster Server discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/veritas-cluster-server-discovery.md)**  
The ServiceNow Discovery application uses the Unix Cluster – VERITAS Cluster pattern to find Veritas Cluster Server components. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[VMware NSX Advanced load balancer discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/vmware-nsx-lb-discovery.md)**  
The ServiceNow Discovery application uses the VMware NSX Advanced load balancer discovery pattern to find VMware NSX load balancers. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.
-   **[VMware NSX-T cluster pattern-based discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/nsx-t-cluster-pattern.md)**  
Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns uses the NSX Cluster pattern to find VMware NSX-T infrastructure. Discovering some of these resources may require updating to the latest version of the Discovery and Service Mapping Patterns application from the ServiceNow Store.

**Parent Topic:**[Discovery patterns used by ITOM Visibility](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/c_MappingPatternsCustomization.md)

**Previous topic:**[Discovery patterns used by ITOM Visibility](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/c_MappingPatternsCustomization.md)

**Next topic:**[Apache Cassandra database discovery](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/discovery-and-service-mapping-patterns/cassandra-discovery.md)

