---
title: Edit which notifications you receive for a conversation
description: You can control which types of Connect notifications you receive for each conversation and when you receive them.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/zurich/servicenow-platform/connect/t\_EditNotifRecAConv.html
release: zurich
product: Connect
classification: connect
topic_type: task
last_updated: "2025-07-31"
reading_time_minutes: 2
breadcrumb: [Connect, ServiceNow AI Platform Additional Capabilities, Extend ServiceNow AI Platform capabilities]
---

# Edit which notifications you receive for a conversation

You can control which types of Connect notifications you receive for each conversation and when you receive them.

## Before you begin

Role required: none

## About this task

Connect can send mobile, desktop, email, and audio notifications to inform you of messages and other activity, when you are not actively viewing Connect. You can edit your notification preferences in each conversation to control which notifications you receive for the conversation and under what circumstances. For example, if you are a member of a large group conversation, you might want to receive mobile, desktop, and email notifications for all activity, and audio notifications only when someone [mentions](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/servicenow-platform/connect/t_MentionUserInConnectConversation.md) you. You might also want to disable a certain type of notification entirely for a conversation.

By default, you receive mobile, email, and audio notifications for all activity in every conversation you belong to. You must enable desktop notifications manually. Not all browsers allow desktop notifications. For more information, see [Enable or disable Connect notifications globally](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/servicenow-platform/connect/t_EnableDisableConnectNotifications.md).

An administrator can [customize the sound](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/servicenow-platform/connect/t_CustomizeConnectAudioNotifSound.md) used for audio notifications.

**Note:** You receive mobile notifications only if you have installed the ServiceNow mobile app.

## Procedure

1.  Open a conversation in the Connect workspace.

2.  In the conversation tools to the right of the conversation, click the notification settings tab \(\[Omitted image "IconNotificationPreferences.png"\] Alt text: The notification settings tab is represented by a bell icon\).

3.  Edit the following settings according to your preferences.

    **Note:** If a notification type is [disabled globally](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/servicenow-platform/connect/t_EnableDisableConnectNotifications.md), a link to enable that type appears. You must click the link before you can edit conversation-specific notification settings.

    \[Omitted image "NotificationsDisabledGloballyMessage.png"\] Alt text: A message appears under the settings for the notification type

<table id="simpletable_kbt_zdd_wt"><tbody><tr><td>

Mobile Notification Settings

</td><td>

Choose to receive push notifications:-   For all activity
-   Only when @ mentioned \(this option is not available for direct conversations\)
-   Never


</td></tr><tr><td>

Desktop Notification Settings

</td><td>

Choose to receive desktop notifications:-   For all activity
-   Only when @ mentioned \(this option is not available for direct conversations\)
-   Never


</td></tr><tr><td>

Email Settings

</td><td>

Choose to receive email notifications:-   For all activity
-   Only when @ mentioned \(this option is not available for direct conversations\)
-   Never


</td></tr><tr><td>

Audio Notification Settings

</td><td>

Choose to receive audio notifications:-   For all activity
-   Only when @ mentioned \(this option is not available for direct conversations\)
-   Never


</td></tr><tr><td>

System Message Notifications

</td><td>

Enable or disable system message notifications, which are automatically generated by events like conversation membership changes and Visual Task Board updates. This option is not available for direct conversations.

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>
