---
title: Create New Company form
description: On the Create New Company form, fill in the fields for the legal entity.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/governance-risk-compliance/create-new-legal-entity-form.html
release: australia
topic_type: reference
last_updated: "2026-03-12"
reading_time_minutes: 3
breadcrumb: [Create a legal entity and enhance digital resilience data, Using Digital resilience third-party registers, Maintaining Digital resilience third-party registers, Manage, Operational Resilience, Governance, Risk, and Compliance]
---

# Create New Company form

On the Create New Company form, fill in the fields for the legal entity.

<table id="table_cyz_r34_ycc"><thead><tr><th>

Field

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

Name

</td><td>

Unique name of the company.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Website

</td><td>

Website details of the company.

</td></tr><tr><td>

DUNS Number

</td><td>

Unique identification number for the company that is generated by the application. Data Universal Numbering System number, is a unique nine-digit number that identifies a business.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Rank tier

</td><td>

Rank tier for the company. Available options are:-   **Strategic Partner**
-   **Valued Partner**
-   **Tactical Supplier**
-   **Excluded Supplier**
-   **Other**

</td></tr><tr><td>

Third-party tier

</td><td>

Tier assigned for the company. Available options are:-   **1 - Very High**
-   **2 - High**
-   **3 - Moderate**
-   **4 - Low**
-   **5 - Very Low**

</td></tr><tr><td>

Vendor manager

</td><td>

Vendor manager of the company.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Business owner

</td><td>

List of business owners for the company.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Parent

</td><td>

Parent organization that determines the corporate hierarchy.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Status

</td><td>

Current standing of the company. You can define your own third‑party or legal‑entity lifecycle and corresponding states for \[core\_company\]. Available options are:-   **Not Selected**: Vendor/third party has been identified but not chosen for engagement.
-   **Selected**: Vendor has been chosen as the preferred option but is not fully onboarded yet.
-   **Onboarding**: Vendor is going through the onboarding steps such as risk review, compliance checks, contract processing etc.
-   **Prospect \(In evaluation\)**: Vendor is being assessed before selection.
-   **Active**: Vendor is fully approved, authorized, and currently engaged.
-   **Active unauthorized**: Vendor is in use but has not passed required onboarding, compliance, or authorization steps.
-   **Terminated**: Relationship with the vendor has ended. It is no longer in use.
-   **Onboarding rejected**: Vendor failed onboarding due to unmet requirements \(risk, compliance, legal etc.\)

</td></tr><tr><td>

Risk rating

</td><td>

Rating assigned to the company based on risk evaluation. This field is auto-filled.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Total annual spend

</td><td>

Total amount that the company spends annually. This field is auto-filled.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Notes

</td><td>

Further remarks or comments regarding the company.

</td></tr><tr><td class="sub-head" colspan="2">

General

</td></tr><tr><td>

Industry

</td><td>

Sector or industry classification for the company. Available options are:-   **Agriculture**
-   **Apparel**
-   **Banking**
-   **Biotechnology**
-   **Chemicals**
-   **Communications**
-   **Construction**
-   **Consulting**
-   **Education**
-   **Electronics**
-   **Energy**
-   **Engineering**
-   **Entertainment**
-   **Environmental**
-   **Finance**
-   **Food &amp; Beverage**
-   **Government**
-   **Healthcare**
-   **Hospitality**
-   **Insurance**
-   **Machinery**
-   **Manufacturing**
-   **Media**
-   **Not For Profit**
-   **Recreation**

</td></tr><tr><td>

Vendor

</td><td>

Choice to identify the company as a vendor. By default, this option is set to **False** \(checkbox is not selected\) for companies and legal entities.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Manufacturer

</td><td>

Manufacturers who produce the items that users procure.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Number of employees

</td><td>

Number of employees that the company has.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Banner image

</td><td>

Banner image for the company with a height between 60 and 70 pixels.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Attach image

</td><td>

Option to attach the banner image.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Banner text

</td><td>

Banner text that is displayed with the banner image.

</td></tr><tr><td class="sub-head" colspan="2">

Location

</td></tr><tr><td>

Street, City, State/Province, ZIP/Postal code, Country, Phone, Fax phone

</td><td>

Standard contact information for the company.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Latitude and Longitude

</td><td>

Values that are used to mark the location of the company on the Risk concentration map.

</td></tr><tr><td class="sub-head" colspan="2">

Financial

</td></tr><tr><td>

Publicly traded

</td><td>

Option to mark if the company is publicly traded.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Stock symbol

</td><td>

Stock symbol of the company.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Stock price

</td><td>

Stock price of the company.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Revenue per year

</td><td>

Revenue per year for the company.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Market cap

</td><td>

Market cap for the company.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Profits

</td><td>

Profits for the company.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Fiscal year

</td><td>

Fiscal year for the company in YYYY-MM-DD format.

</td></tr><tr><td class="sub-head" colspan="2">

Risk ratings

</td></tr><tr><td>

Computed risk rating

</td><td>

Calculated risk rating. This field is auto-filled.

 The value is overall risk rating for the company, calculated after the assessment by rolling up all of the TPR assessors' risk ratings.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Override risk rating

</td><td>

Option to override the computed risk rating.

 If you select the check box, then specify the following values:

-   **Overridden risk rating**: Select the new risk rating.
-   **Overridden on**: Date that overridden risk rating or justification is updated.
-   **Justification**: Enter the reason for overriding the value.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Overridden risk rating

</td><td>

Rating that has been manually changed by a user, overriding the rating that was calculated by a system. Available options are:-   **1 - Very High**
-   **2 - High**
-   **3 - Moderate**
-   **4 - Low**
-   **5 - Very Low**

</td></tr><tr><td>

Overridden on

</td><td>

Date when the overridden risk rating or its justification was last updated.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Justification

</td><td>

Reason for overriding the risk rating.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Assessment risk rating

</td><td>

Risk level for the assessment. This field is auto-filled.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Engagement risk rating

</td><td>

Risk level for the engagement. This field is auto-filled.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Subsidiary risk rating

</td><td>

Risk level for the subsidiary. This field is auto-filled.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Risk intelligence rating

</td><td>

Score that reflects the probability and impact of a risk event. This field is auto-filled.

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>**Parent Topic:**[Create a legal entity and enhance digital resilience data](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/create-legal-entity.md)

