---
title: Create New Assessment of the ICT service
description: On the Create New Assessment of the ICT service form, fill in the fields.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/governance-risk-compliance/create-new-asmt-ict-service.html
release: australia
topic_type: reference
last_updated: "2026-03-12"
reading_time_minutes: 3
breadcrumb: [Create an assessment and enhance digital resilience data, Using Digital resilience third-party registers, Maintaining Digital resilience third-party registers, Manage, Operational Resilience, Governance, Risk, and Compliance]
---

# Create New Assessment of the ICT service

On the Create New Assessment of the ICT service form, fill in the fields.

<table id="table_aqy_k2x_rvb"><thead><tr><th>

Field

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

SysID

</td><td>

Unique 32-character GUID \(Globally Unique ID\) that identifies each assessment record in an instance. Provide this value if you want to update an existing record. Provide a value of -1 if you want to create a new record in the system.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Name

</td><td>

Name of the assessment in the &lt;first-name.last-name&gt; format.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Description

</td><td>

Description for the assessment.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Number

</td><td>

Unique identification number for the assessment that will be generated by the application. For example, TPA0001001. This field is auto-filled.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Owner

</td><td>

Name of the owner for the assessment.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Department

</td><td>

Department that the assessment belongs to.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Business unit

</td><td>

Name of the business unit that is associated with the assessment.

</td></tr><tr><td class="sub-head" colspan="2">

Digital resilience information

</td></tr><tr><td>

Contract number

</td><td>

Auto-assigned number of the contract.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Is the ICT third party audited?

</td><td>

Option to specify if the ICT third party has been audited. Available options are:-   **Yes**
-   **No**

</td></tr><tr><td>

Contractual arrangement reference number

</td><td>

Reference number used for the contractual arrangement.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Date of the last audit on the ICT third-party service provider

</td><td>

Date of the last audit for the ICT third-party service provider.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Service provider type

</td><td>

Option to select if the supplier is a third-party or third-party engagement. Available options are:-   **Third party**
-   **Third-party engagement**
-   **Legal entity**

If you select **Third party**, the **Third party providing the service** field is displayed.

If you select **Third-party engagement**, the **Third-party engagement providing the service** field is displayed.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Existence of an exit plan

</td><td>

Choice to specify the availability of an exit plan. Available options are:-   **Yes**
-   **No**

</td></tr><tr><td>

Identification code of the ICT third-party service provider

</td><td>

Unique identifier code for the ICT third-party service provider. This field is auto-filled.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Possibility of reintegration of the contracted ICT service

</td><td>

Choice to verify the feasibility of reincorporating the contracted ICT service. Available options are:-   **Easy**
-   **Difficult**
-   **Highly complex**

</td></tr><tr><td>

Type of code to identify the ICT third-party service provider

</td><td>

Type of code intended to identify the ICT third-party service provider. This field is auto-filled.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Impact of discontinuing the ICT services

</td><td>

Choice to specify the impact of discontinuing the ICT services. Available options are:-   **Low**
-   **Medium**
-   **High**
-   **Assessment not performed**

</td></tr><tr><td>

Type of ICT services

</td><td>

Category of the ICT services. Available options are:-   **ICT project management**
-   **ICT Development**
-   **ICT help desk and first level support**
-   **ICT security management services**
-   **Provision of data**
-   **Data analysis**
-   **ICT, facilities and hosting services \(excluding Cloud services\)**
-   **Computation**
-   **Non-Cloud Data storage**
-   **Telecom carrier**
-   **Network infrastructure**
-   **Hardware and physical devices**
-   **Software licensing \(excluding SaaS\)**
-   **ICT operation management \(including maintenance\)**
-   **ICT Consulting**
-   **ICT Risk management**
-   **Cloud services: IaaS**
-   **Cloud services: PaaS**
-   **Cloud services: SaaS**

</td></tr><tr><td>

Are there alternative ICT third-party service providers identified?

</td><td>

Choice to indicate if any other ICT third-party service providers have been identified. Available options are:-   **Yes**
-   **No**
-   **Assessment not performed**

If you select the check box, then specify the following field value: **Identification of alternative ICT TPP**.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Identification of alternative ICT TPP

</td><td>

Supplementary details on the identification of alternative ICT third-party providers \(TPP\).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Substitutability of the ICT third-party service provider

</td><td>

Capability to interchange the ICT third-party service provider. Available options are:-   **Not substitutable**
-   **Easily substitutable**
-   **Medium complexity in terms of substitutability**
-   **Highly complex substitutability**

</td></tr><tr><td>

Reason if the ICT third-party service provider is considered not substitutable or difficult to be substitutable

</td><td>

Factors that might make the ICT third-party service provider irreplaceable or challenging to replace. This option is displayed when you select **Not substitutable** in the **Substitutability of the ICT third-party service provider** field.

Available options are:-   **None**
-   **Lack of real alternatives**
-   **Difficulties in migrating or reintegrating**
-   **Lack of real alternatives and difficulties in migrating or reintegrating**

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>**Parent Topic:**[Create an assessment and enhance digital resilience data](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/governance-risk-compliance/create-drtp-reg-assmt.md)

