---
title: Generate code with autocomplete
description: The autocomplete feature of Now Assist for Code provides you with contextually relevant code suggestions.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/zurich/api-reference/scripts/generate-code-with-autocomplete.html
release: zurich
product: Scripts
classification: scripts
topic_type: task
last_updated: "2026-06-22"
reading_time_minutes: 1
breadcrumb: [Use Now Assist for Code, Now Assist for Code, Scripting, API implementation, API implementation and reference]
---

# Generate code with autocomplete

The autocomplete feature of Now Assist for Code provides you with contextually relevant code suggestions.

## Before you begin

Role required: authenticated user

## Procedure

1.  Navigate to any script editor enabled with Now Assist for Code.

    For example, to open a script include form, navigate to **All** &gt; **System Definition** &gt; **Script Includes** and select a script include.

2.  Start coding in the script editor.

    When you stop typing, a code suggestion is displayed in grey within a few seconds.

    **Note:**

    Retrieval-Augmented Generation \(RAG\) enhances auto-complete suggestions and minimizes inaccuracies or hallucinations.

    It may take a few seconds for the code suggestions to appear.

3.  Review the code suggestions generated by the AI and decide whether to accept or reject them:

    -   Press the **tab** key to accept the code suggestion.

        If you accept the code suggestion, it's added to the script.

    -   Press the **esc** key to reject the code suggestion or continue typing.

        If you reject the code suggestion, it isn't added to the script.

4.  After accepting the code suggestions, select **Update** to save the script.

    The code suggestion is saved within the script.

    **Note:** To disable autocomplete for your session, in the script editor select **Code with Now Assist** from the status bar at the bottom of the editor, and then clear **Autocomplete**.

    \[Omitted image "now-assist-code-disable-autocomplete.png"\] Alt text: Click to disable autocomplete


