---
title: Tracking AI-generated code
description: Control when to track and indicate that code is AI-generated.Show that the code was generated by AI in script editors for a specified duration after accepting code suggestions.Turn off tracking and indicating which code is AI-generated.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/zurich/api-reference/scripts/tracking-ai-generated-code.html
release: zurich
product: Scripts
classification: scripts
topic_type: concept
last_updated: "2025-07-31"
reading_time_minutes: 1
breadcrumb: [Use Now Assist for Code, Now Assist for Code, Scripting, API implementation, API implementation and reference]
---

# Tracking AI-generated code

Control when to track and indicate that code is AI-generated.

When you accept a code suggestion, the lines of code that are AI-generated are tracked and indicated by a line next to the line numbers in script editors. If you edit AI-generated code, the line indicator doesn’t appear for those lines of code.

You can turn on and off tracking of AI-generated code and configure how long to record and indicate AI-generated code in script editors. By default, AI-generated code is recorded and indicated for six months.

## Configure how long to indicate AI-generated code

Show that the code was generated by AI in script editors for a specified duration after accepting code suggestions.

### Before you begin

Role required: admin

### Procedure

1.  In the navigation filter, enter `sys_auto_flush.list`, and press the Enter key.

2.  Filter the Auto Flushes \[sys\_auto\_flush\] list by entering **sn\_now\_assist\_code\_ai\_generated\_lines** in the **Tablename** column filter.

3.  Select **sn\_now\_assist\_code\_ai\_generated\_lines** to open the record.

4.  In the **Age in seconds** field, enter the duration to record and indicate AI-generated code after its creation in seconds.

5.  Select **Update**.


### Result

AI-generated code is tracked and indicated. However, AI-generated code created before the configured duration isn’t recorded or indicated in script editors.

## Turn off tracking AI-generated code

Turn off tracking and indicating which code is AI-generated.

### Before you begin

Role required: admin

### About this task

Tracking and indicating which code is AI-generated involves changes that are included in update sets. If you don't want to include changes related to this in update sets, you can turn off tracking and indicating AI-generated code.

### Procedure

1.  In the navigation filter, enter `sys_properties.list` and press the Enter key.

2.  Filter the System Properties \[sys\_properties\] list by entering **sn\_now\_assist\_code.show\_ai\_code\_line\_marker** in the **Name** column filter.

3.  Select **sn\_now\_assist\_code.show\_ai\_code\_line\_marker** to open the property record.

4.  In the **Value** field, enter `false`.

5.  Select **Update**.


### Result

AI-generated code isn’t recorded or indicated in script editors.

