---
title: Pre-authorization request table
description: The Pre-authorization request \[sn\_hcls\_pre\_auth\_header\] table stores the authorization request details for a healthcare service provided by a payer organization.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/zurich/healthcare-life-sciences/healthcare-and-life-sciences-service-management-core/hcls-pre-auth-header-table.html
release: zurich
product: Healthcare and Life Sciences Service Management Core
classification: healthcare-and-life-sciences-service-management-core
topic_type: reference
last_updated: "2025-07-31"
reading_time_minutes: 2
breadcrumb: [Data model tables, Reference, Healthcare and Life Sciences Service Management Core, Healthcare and Life Sciences Service Management, Healthcare and Life Sciences]
---

# Pre-authorization request table

The Pre-authorization request \[sn\_hcls\_pre\_auth\_header\] table stores the authorization request details for a healthcare service provided by a payer organization.

## Key features

-   Stores the pre-authorization request details for a healthcare service provided by a payer organization.
-   Enables pre-authorizing healthcare service for a patient.
-   Includes the pre-authorization number, pre-authorization type, pre-authorization effective dates, and healthcare service order details.

Role required to configure the table: sn\_hcls.admin.

For more information, see [Healthcare and Life Sciences data model](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown).

<table id="table_i41_xh3_npb"><thead><tr><th>

Field

</th><th>

Data type

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

Case

</td><td>

Reference

</td><td>

Healthcare case associated with the ordered healthcare service for the patient.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Review type

</td><td>

Choice list

</td><td>

Category of the healthcare service.

 The following types are available by default:

-   Routine: A healthcare service customarily administered by a practitioner and can be scheduled in advance based on the patient’s and practitioner’s preference.
-   Elective: An optional healthcare service that can be scheduled at any time in the future based on the patient’s and practitioner’s preference.
-   Urgent: A required healthcare service that is considered urgent and must be scheduled immediately.
-   Non urgent: A healthcare service that isn't considered urgent and can be scheduled in the near future.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Date approved

</td><td>

Date

</td><td>

Date when the pre-authorization request was approved by the payer organization.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Date fax received

</td><td>

Date/Time

</td><td>

Date and timestamp on a fax received for the pre-authorization request.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Insurance

</td><td>

Reference

</td><td>

Member plan associated with the patient.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Patient

</td><td>

Reference

</td><td>

Patient on whose behalf the pre-authorization request was submitted.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Place of service

</td><td>

Reference

</td><td>

Location of service rendered.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Primary pre-auth number

</td><td>

String

</td><td>

Primary pre-authorization number generated by the payer organization.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Reason

</td><td>

String

</td><td>

Reason for the pre-authorization request.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Referring practitioner

</td><td>

Reference

</td><td>

Practitioner who recommended the healthcare service associated with the pre-authorization request.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Remarks

</td><td>

String

</td><td>

Comments or additional information about the pre-authorization request.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Rendering practitioner

</td><td>

Reference

</td><td>

Provider rendering the service.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Secondary pre-auth number

</td><td>

String

</td><td>

Secondary pre-authorization number generated by the payer organization.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Short description

</td><td>

String

</td><td>

A short description of this pre-authorization request.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Source

</td><td>

Reference

</td><td>

Source system details of an external healthcare system in a ServiceNow instance.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Status

</td><td>

Choice list

</td><td>

Approval status of the pre-authorization request.

 The following types are available by default:

-   Draft: Pre-authorization request is yet to be submitted.
-   Pending: Pre-authorization request is submitted for review to the payer organization.
-   Approved: Pre-authorization request was approved by the payer organization.
-   Denied: Pre-authorization request was denied by the payer organization.
-   Completed: Pre-authorization request was completed with one or more items were denied in the request.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Review type

</td><td>

String

</td><td>

Type of the healthcare service requested in the pre-authorization request.

 The following types are available by default:

-   Medical
-   Prescription
-   New

</td></tr><tr><td>

Valid from

</td><td>

Date

</td><td>

Start date of the pre-authorization request validity period.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Valid until

</td><td>

Date

</td><td>

End date of the pre-authorization request validity period.

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>**Parent Topic:**[Healthcare and Life Sciences data model tables](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/healthcare-life-sciences/healthcare-and-life-sciences-service-management-core/hcls-healthcare-data-tables.md)

