---
title: Configure an event custom connector
description: Authenticate your event custom connector as a data source to enable the pushing of event information to your ServiceNow instance. Define the custom connector by providing its details and mapping fields. This allows the extracted information from your custom connector's event messages to populate the required event fields. Finally, create and supply a URL for the custom connector webhook.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/it-operations-management/service-operations-workspace-for-itom-apps/custom-connector.html
release: australia
product: Service Operations Workspace for ITOM Apps
classification: service-operations-workspace-for-itom-apps
topic_type: task
last_updated: "2026-03-12"
reading_time_minutes: 8
breadcrumb: [Integrations Launchpad in SOW for ITOM, Using SOW for ITOM, Service Operations Workspace for ITOM, ITOM AIOps, IT Operations Management]
---

# Configure an event custom connector

Authenticate your event custom connector as a data source to enable the pushing of event information to your ServiceNow instance. Define the custom connector by providing its details and mapping fields. This allows the extracted information from your custom connector's event messages to populate the required event fields. Finally, create and supply a URL for the custom connector webhook.

## Before you begin

-   Ensure the Event Management connectors \(sn\_em\_connector\) plugin is installed on the ServiceNow AI Platform instance. For more information, see [Configure Event Management connectors](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/event-management/connectors-and-listeners.md).
-   Ensure that the configuration items for the hosts managed by your custom connector exist in the ServiceNow AI Platform instance. These CIs can be physical or virtual and can be either manually created or discovered via IP discovery or Cloud Discovery. For more information, see [Access to cloud environments for ITOM products](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/accessing-cloud-itom.md).

Role required: evt\_mgmt\_admin

## About this task

To start pushing event information to your ServiceNow instance, you must set your ServiceNow AI Platform instance as the REST endpoint using a standard webhook on your custom connector.

By providing connector details and mapping fields, you define the custom connector. The extracted information from the custom connector's event messages then populates the required event fields and inserts the event into the database.

The URL is generated by the code based on the ServiceNow instance and the custom connector. Use this URL to create a webhook that enables your custom connector to send events to the ServiceNow instance.

## Procedure

1.  Navigate to **Workspaces** &gt; **Service Operations Workspace**.

2.  From the bottom of the navigation pane, select the AIOps configuration center icon \[Omitted image "icon-itom-aiops-config.png"\] Alt text: ITOM AIOps configuration center icon.

    The ITOM AIOps configuration center page appears. The configuration center is a centralized workspace. Use it to configure and manage AIOps features from a single place.

3.  On the ITOM AIOps configuration center page, under the **Setup** &gt; **Integrations** section, select **Manage Installed integrations**.

4.  In the **Browse Integrations** tab, select the **All integrations** drop-down list and select **Custom**.

    Only custom connector tiles are displayed.

    \[Omitted image "custom-connectors-page.png"\] Alt text: Filtering with Custom connectors

5.  Select a custom connector type tile.

6.  On the **Provide details** page, provide the details for the connector.

    \[Omitted image "custom-connectors-details.png"\] Alt text: Custom connector details page

    1.  In the **Connector name** field, enter a unique integration name for the connector.

    2.  In the **Tags** field, enter tags to help locate and identify connectors of this type on the Express List.

        To add additional tags, select the plus icon \(\[Omitted image "icon-plus-sign.png"\] Alt text: Plus sign to add more tags.\) next to the **Tags** field. The Add tags window opens.

        1.  In the **Key** field, enter a tag key.
        2.  In the **Value** field, enter a tag value.
        3.  Select **Add**.
    3.  In the **Description** field, enter brief information about this connector.

    4.  In the **Source** field, enter the vendor used to gather events from the external event source.

        The **Source** field identifies the connector and serves as an identifier to recognize the source of events and alerts once the connector is active.

    5.  From the **Assignment group** drop-down list, select the group or team that is responsible for managing and maintaining the connector.

7.  Drag or upload an image to display in your connector tile.

    -   Drag an image into the box.
    -   Browse to the image file by selecting **Upload image** and then choose the file.
    The maximum upload file size is 1 MB.

8.  Determine whether you want to connect events directly to the ITOM instance or through a MID Server.

    -   To send events directly to the ITOM instance, select **Directly to the ITOM instance**.

    -   To send events through a MID Server, which processes and then passes the event to the instance, select **Via the MID server**.

        If a MID Server exists, from the **Select MID server** field, select an available MID Server connected to an events listener.

        If you must create a MID Server, then select one of the following.

        -   **Configure MID web server extension**
        -   **Configure MID web service event collector context**
        For more information, see [Configure the MID Web Server extension](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/event-management/configure-mid-web-server-extension.md) and [Configure the MID WebService Event Collector Context](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/event-management/configure-em-context-extension.md).

9.  Select **Next**.

    \[Omitted image "custom-connector-input-method.png"\] Alt text: Custom connector input method

10. On the **Set up input method** page, select a method to gather event data.

<table id="choicetable_ndz_13n_q1c"><thead><tr><th align="left" id="d543296e491">

Method

</th><th align="left" id="d543296e494">

Description

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td id="d543296e500">

**__Gather real source events to define fields__**

</td><td>

1.  Select **Gather real source events to define fields**.

**Note:** By gathering real-source events from your custom connector, you increase events and alert accuracy by using multiple events as a reference to define the fields.

2.  Select **Copy to clipboard** and copy the URL.
3.  Paste the URL into your custom connector's webhook setup to create a webhook that enables your custom connector to send events to the ServiceNow instance. Enter your basic authentication credentials into the monitoring system’s webhook configuration \(such as the username and password\). The webhook enables your custom connector to send events to the instance.
4.  Select **Check for events**. The number of events are displayed. The event creates JSON files that you can browse after selecting **Next**.


</td></tr><tr><td id="d543296e542">

**__Use a JSON sample to map fields__**

</td><td>

1.  Select **Use a JSON sample to map fields**.

**Note:** Only if you have a sample JSON select this option.

2.  In the **Enter payload** dialog box, copy and paste your JSON sample payload to create and view the mapping to map the fields.

\[Omitted image "custom-connector-json-payload.png"\] Alt text: Custom connector JSON payload upload

3.  Select **Upload JSON**.
4.  Select **Edit or paste new JSON** to edit the JSON that you uploaded or paste a new one.
5.  Select **Copy to clipboard** and copy the URL.
6.  Paste the URL into your custom connector's webhook setup to create a webhook that enables your custom connector to send events to the ServiceNow instance. Enter your basic authentication credentials into the monitoring system’s webhook configuration \(such as the username and password\). The webhook enables your custom connector to send events to the instance.


</td></tr></tbody>
</table>11. Select **Next**.

    The page opens where you can map fields.

    \[Omitted image "custom-connector-map-fields.png"\] Alt text: Custom connector field mapping option page.

12. On the **Map fields** page, in the connector field names column, enter at least one value that maps to the severity values listed in the ServiceNow **Severity** field column.

13. On the **Map fields** page, in the connector field names column, enter at least one value that maps to the severity values listed in the ServiceNow **Severity** field column.

    You can enter the severity value from the JSON code sample. To set a severity value, you must be familiar with your custom connector's payload and the types of severity it supports. The severity values of the received events must match the generated events in your system.

    Enable the system to create events correctly from incoming data by mapping the fields in your JSON code sample to the ServiceNow fields. The **Severity** and **Message key** information are automatically filled in to save you time and effort. The **Message key** provides the correct identifier for the events, ensuring de-duplication works correctly and redundant alerts are not generated.

14. To view multiple JSON files, select the arrow above the JSON sample.

15. In the Other fields section, in your connector column, specify custom event parameters that are optional but provide additional information about the event.

    If you choose not to provide the optional information, leave the field empty.

    1.  In the **Description** field, enter a meaningful alert description.

    2.  In the **Metric name** field, enter a metric name that allows you to associate events with the performance metrics or KPIs that triggered the alert.

    3.  In the **Node** field, enter a node value to be used for CI binding.

    4.  In the **Event time** field, enter the creation time of the custom connector event.

        If the event time isn't mapped, the system will use the default event time.

    5.  In the **Event time settings** field, select the time format and the event time zone.

        -   **Time format**: A GlideDateTime field in UTC or GMT format, with a maximum length of 40 characters.
        -   **Time zone**: Times are stored in Coordinated Universal Time \(UTC\) and are displayed globally based on the system time zone.
16. Activate and save the connector by selecting **Activate** and then select **OK** on the confirmation pop-up window.

    You can view the connector details on the **Details** tab and your field mappings on the **Fields mapping** tab.


## Result

After the connector is activated, events start flowing from your custom connector console into the ServiceNow instance. The plug-in extracts information from the original custom connector event message to populate the required event fields and inserts the event into the database. To see the events in your ServiceNow AI Platform instance, navigate to All Events. For more information, see [View events](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/event-management/t_EMManageEvent.md).

## What to do next

To verify that the process was successfully completed and events are flowing into the system, view the related events on the **Related events** tab. If the setup is successful, proceed to **Add automation** to establish an alert automation. For information on alert automation, see [Alert automation in Service Operations Workspace for ITOM](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/service-operations-workspace-for-itom-apps/sow-itom-alert-automation.md).

