---
title: Configure an event push connector
description: Integrate with an event push connector to connect to an external event source and push event information to your ServiceNow instance.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/zurich/it-operations-management/service-operations-workspace-for-itom-apps/push-connector.html
release: zurich
product: Service Operations Workspace for ITOM Apps
classification: service-operations-workspace-for-itom-apps
topic_type: task
last_updated: "2025-07-31"
reading_time_minutes: 2
breadcrumb: [Integrations Launchpad in Service Operations Workspace for ITOM, Using SOW for ITOM, Service Operations Workspace for ITOM, ITOM AIOps, IT Operations Management]
---

# Configure an event push connector

Integrate with an event push connector to connect to an external event source and push event information to your ServiceNow instance.

## Before you begin

Role required: evt\_mgmt\_admin

## Procedure

1.  Navigate to **Workspaces** &gt; **Service Operations Workspace**.

2.  From the bottom of the navigation pane, select the AIOps configuration center icon \[Omitted image "icon-itom-aiops-config.png"\] Alt text: ITOM AIOps configuration center icon.

    The ITOM AIOps configuration center page appears. The configuration center is a centralized workspace. Use it to configure and manage AIOps features from a single place.

3.  On the ITOM AIOps configuration center page, under the **Setup** &gt; **Integrations** section, select **Add integrations**.

4.  In the **Browse Integrations** tab, select the **All integrations** drop-down list and select **Push**.

    Only push connector tiles are displayed.

    \[Omitted image "push-connectors-page.png"\] Alt text: Filtering with Push connectors

5.  Select a push connector type tile.

6.  Provide details about the connector type on the **Provide details** screen.

    \[Omitted image "push-connectors-details.png"\] Alt text: Push connector details page

    1.  In the **Connector name** field, enter a unique name for the connector type.

    2.  In the **Tags** field, enter tags to help locate and identify connectors of this type on the Express List.

        To add additional tags, select the plus sign next to the **Tags** field. The Add tags window opens.

        1.  In the **Key** field, enter a tag key.
        2.  In the **Value** field, enter a tag value.
        3.  Select **Add**.
    3.  In the **Description** field, enter information to help identify this connector type.

    4.  Verify that the vendor name in the **Source** field is correct.

    5.  From the **Assignment group** drop-down list, select the group or team that is responsible for managing and maintaining the Push connector.

    6.  Select **Next**.

        The connector is saved in draft mode, and the process advances to the Set-up push connector section.

        \[Omitted image "push-connector-setup.png"\] Alt text: Connector set up page

7.  In the **URL parameter value** field, select **Copy to clipboard** to copy the auto-generated URL parameter value to the clipboard.

    This URL is generated by the code that depends on the ServiceNow instance and connector type to receive events from the third-party connector. Pasting the URL in your third-party connector configuration creates a webhook that enables it to send events to the ServiceNow instance.

8.  Select **Activate** and then select **OK**.

9.  In the **Details** tab, view the connector details and the URL link and follow the step-by-step instructions to integrate your third-party connector with Event Management.

    The connector is saved and a notification is sent after the connector is active.


## What to do next

To confirm the successful configuration of the pull connector and the flow of events into the system, go to the **Related events** tab. If the setup is successful, proceed to **Add automation** to establish an alert automation. For details on **Related events** tab, see [Review integration and configuration health](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/it-operations-management/service-operations-workspace-for-itom-apps/review-integration-config-health.md) and for information on alert automation, see [Alert automation in Service Operations Workspace for ITOM](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/it-operations-management/service-operations-workspace-for-itom-apps/sow-itom-alert-automation.md).

