---
title: Review executed policy activity
description: You can review the execution activity of any policy at any time. Recorded execution activity includes the time taken to execute, decisions of compliance, execution types, and the outcome of the execution.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/servicenow-platform/policy-as-code-engine-pace/pace-review-executed-policies.html
release: australia
product: Policy as Code Engine \(PaCE\)
classification: policy-as-code-engine-pace
topic_type: task
last_updated: "2026-03-12"
reading_time_minutes: 1
breadcrumb: [Execute policies, Administer PaCE policies, Policy as Code Engine \(PaCE\), Extend ServiceNow AI Platform capabilities]
---

# Review executed policy activity

You can review the execution activity of any policy at any time. Recorded execution activity includes the time taken to execute, decisions of compliance, execution types, and the outcome of the execution.

## Before you begin

Role required: sn\_pace.execution\_reader

## Procedure

1.  Navigate to **All** &gt; **Policies** &gt; **My Policies**.

    **Note:** To view all policies generated by admin/other users, navigate to **Policies** &gt; **All Policies**.

2.  Click **Executions** to display the execution activity for the selected policy.\[Omitted image "pace-executed-policies-3.png"\] Alt text: Execution tab.

3.  Review the execution information in the following columns.

<table id="table_klf_msy_xpb"><thead><tr><th>

Column

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

Number

</td><td>

The automatically generated execution number. Click the link to review the following execution information:-   Caller and mapping inputs used in the execution.
-   The JSON output generated on execution.
-   The execution log.
-   The policy script used in the execution.


</td></tr><tr><td>

Version

</td><td>

The policy version used in the execution. Click the link to review the version details.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Type

</td><td>

The type of execution performed:-   Test
-   Standard


</td></tr><tr><td>

Start time

</td><td>

The time and date the execution was initiated.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Processing time \(ms\)

</td><td>

The execution processing time, in milliseconds.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Decision

</td><td>

The decision reached on execution:-   Compliant
-   Non-compliant
-   Compliant-exception
-   Other


</td></tr><tr><td>

State

</td><td>

The state of the execution.

</td></tr><tr><td>

CDM application

</td><td>

The name of the relevant application. Click the link to review and update the application details.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Name

</td><td>

The name of the object. Click the link to review and update the object details.

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>
