---
title: Publish a PaCE policy version
description: You can publish a policy version at any time. When the policy is published, a compliant, non-compliant, or compliant-exception decision is made for objects \(tables or document IDs\) mapped to the policy.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/servicenow-platform/policy-as-code-engine-pace/pace-publish-policy-version.html
release: australia
product: Policy as Code Engine \(PaCE\)
classification: policy-as-code-engine-pace
topic_type: task
last_updated: "2026-03-12"
reading_time_minutes: 1
breadcrumb: [Manage PaCE policy versions, Administer PaCE policies, Policy as Code Engine \(PaCE\), Extend ServiceNow AI Platform capabilities]
---

# Publish a PaCE policy version

You can publish a policy version at any time. When the policy is published, a compliant, non-compliant, or compliant-exception decision is made for objects \(tables or document IDs\) mapped to the policy.

## Before you begin

Role required: sn\_pace.code\_editor

## Procedure

1.  Navigate to **All** &gt; **Policies** &gt; **My Policies**.

    **Note:** To view all policies generated by admin/other users, navigate to **Policies** &gt; **All Policies**.

2.  Click the policy name for the policy that includes the version you want to publish.

3.  In the Details page, click the **Policy builder** tab.

    \[Omitted image "pace-versions-publish.jpg"\] Alt text: Publish versions tab.

    Typically you would publish a Draft policy, but you can also republish an Archived version.

4.  Click **Publish**.

    The following screen is displayed.

    \[Omitted image "pace-activate-publish-2.jpg"\] Alt text: Activate and publish draft.

5.  Select the **Activate this policy** check box to activate the policy when it is published.

6.  In the displayed confirmation message, click **Publish**.

    The policy version becomes the Current version and is used the next time the policy is invoked.

    **Note:** If the policy has an existing mapping to document IDs, when you publish a new version it verifies that all mandatory inputs for mapping inputs are provided. If you changed a mapping input, it must be updated. If you changed a caller input, you must update the PaCE API call to ensure that the policy is executed. If there is no mapping associated with the policy, or the policy is in an Inactive state, the mapping inputs are not verified.


