---
title: Edit a PaCE policy
description: You can update any existing PaCE policies, whether they are activated or deactivated.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/zurich/servicenow-platform/policy-as-code-engine-pace/pace-update-policy.html
release: zurich
product: Policy as Code Engine \(PaCE\)
classification: policy-as-code-engine-pace
topic_type: task
last_updated: "2025-07-31"
reading_time_minutes: 1
breadcrumb: [Manage PaCE policies, Administer PaCE policies, Policy as Code Engine \(PaCE\), Extend ServiceNow AI Platform capabilities]
---

# Edit a PaCE policy

You can update any existing PaCE policies, whether they are activated or deactivated.

## Before you begin

Role required: sn\_pace.policy\_editor

## Procedure

1.  Navigate to **All** &gt; **Policies** &gt; **My Policies**.

    **Note:** To view all policies generated by admin/other users, navigate to **Policies** &gt; **All Policies**.

2.  Click the information icon located to the left of the policy name to see a quick glance view of the policy.

    The policy details display to the right of the My Policies list and can be edited. You can also review the **Activity** stream to see a list of all changes made to the policy. This list can be filtered as required.

3.  Edit the relevant details for the selected policy, and click **Save**.

4.  Click the **Policy name** link on the All Policies page to update existing versions or add a new version.

5.  Click the **Policy builder** tab, create a copy of the version in which you want to make changes, and make the relevant changes in the new version.

    You can select different versions of the policy in the Version drop-down menu. For more information about creating and managing versions, see [Manage PaCE policy versions](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/servicenow-platform/policy-as-code-engine-pace/pace-policy-versions.md).

    **Note:** You can't update API Variables and Config Parameters for an existing policy version that is Current \(published\) or archived. To modify a Current version, create a copy of that version, as described in the Create a copy of a policy version section.

6.  Select the overflow menu icon \[Omitted image "pace-overflow-icon.jpg"\] Alt text: Overflow icon. and choose from the following options:

    -   Version details
    -   Create a new version
    -   Switch to code editor
    -   Save as Template
    -   Compare versions
    -   Duplicate
    -   Delete
7.  When you're finished, click **Publish**.

8.  Click the **Mappings** tab and make the relevant changes.

    For more information about defining caller and mapping inputs, see [Map PaCE policies](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/servicenow-platform/policy-as-code-engine-pace/pace-mapping-inputs.md).


