---
title: Delete a PaCE policy
description: You can delete a PaCE policy at any time. All related versions for that policy are also deleted. However, for auditing reasons you cannot delete policies that were or are currently in use.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/zurich/servicenow-platform/policy-as-code-engine-pace/pace-delete-policy.html
release: zurich
product: Policy as Code Engine \(PaCE\)
classification: policy-as-code-engine-pace
topic_type: task
last_updated: "2025-07-31"
reading_time_minutes: 1
breadcrumb: [Manage PaCE policies, Administer PaCE policies, Policy as Code Engine \(PaCE\), Extend ServiceNow AI Platform capabilities]
---

# Delete a PaCE policy

You can delete a PaCE policy at any time. All related versions for that policy are also deleted. However, for auditing reasons you cannot delete policies that were or are currently in use.

## Before you begin

Role required: sn\_pace.policy\_editor

## About this task

Policies and their related versions can be deleted. However, policies that are in use, or were used can't be deleted, including:

-   Policies that are mapped to an object.
-   Policies that were activated and executed in Standard mode. These policies, and their policy versions, include execution data critical for auditing purposes, and therefore cannot be deleted.
-   Policies that have a version in either **Current** or **Archived** state.

## Procedure

1.  Navigate to **All** &gt; **Policies** &gt; **My Policies**.

    **Note:** To view all policies generated by admin/other users, navigate to **Policies** &gt; **All Policies**.

2.  Click the **Policy name** link for the policy that you want to delete.

    **Note:** You can only delete individual policies. However, you can select multiple policies to activate or deactivate. For further information, see the Activate or deactivate a policy section.

3.  In the displayed policy form, click **Delete**.

4.  Click **Delete** to confirm.

    The policy versions that are to be deleted are displayed.


