---
title: Compare PaCE policy versions
description: You can compare two versions of a PaCE policy, whatever their state. Any differences between the two selected versions are highlighted for quick analysis.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/servicenow-platform/policy-as-code-engine-pace/pace-compare-versions.html
release: australia
product: Policy as Code Engine \(PaCE\)
classification: policy-as-code-engine-pace
topic_type: task
last_updated: "2026-03-12"
reading_time_minutes: 1
breadcrumb: [Manage PaCE policy versions, Administer PaCE policies, Policy as Code Engine \(PaCE\), Extend ServiceNow AI Platform capabilities]
---

# Compare PaCE policy versions

You can compare two versions of a PaCE policy, whatever their state. Any differences between the two selected versions are highlighted for quick analysis.

## Before you begin

Role required: sn\_pace.code\_editor

## Procedure

1.  Navigate to **All** &gt; **Policies** &gt; **My Policies**.

    **Note:** To view all policies generated by admin/other users, navigate to **Policies** &gt; **All Policies**.

2.  Click the **Policy name** for the policy that includes the versions you want to compare.

3.  In the Policy Details page, click the **Versions** tab.

4.  Select the relevant two versions to compare, and click **Compare**.

    The **Compare Versions** tab displays several container sections that highlight any differences between the two versions.

    -   The **Details** container highlights differences between the details of the two versions. For example, differences between the state, version name and numbering, and the number of test or standard runs.
    -   The **Script** container highlights any differences in the policy script of the two versions.

        \[Omitted image "pace-compare-script.jpg"\] Alt text: Compare version scripts

    -   The **Mapping Inputs** container also lists any differences between the two versions.
5.  To make any changes based on your analysis of the two compared versions, return to the **Versions** tab, select the relevant version, and modify and test as required.


