---
title: CMDB Health system properties
description: Configure the following system properties to customize how CMDB Health monitors and evaluates CIs health.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/zurich/servicenow-platform/configuration-management-database-cmdb/r\_CMDBHealthProperties.html
release: zurich
product: Configuration Management Database \(CMDB\)
classification: configuration-management-database-cmdb
topic_type: reference
last_updated: "2025-07-31"
reading_time_minutes: 2
breadcrumb: [Configure, CMDB Health, Configuration Management Database \(CMDB\), Configuration Management, Extend ServiceNow AI Platform capabilities]
---

# CMDB Health system properties

Configure the following system properties to customize how CMDB Health monitors and evaluates CIs health.

Role required: sn\_cmdb\_admin or itil\_admin

<table id="table_m5n_sk3_m5"><thead><tr><th>

Property

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

Max time in minutes for which individual metric processor will run in each scheduled cycle

 \[glide.cmdb.health.metricProcessor.maxRunningTime\]

</td><td>

If processing of a metric exceeds the specified time, CMDB Health processing halts until the next CMDB Health job is scheduled to run.-   Type: integer
-   Default value: 120
-   Location: Navigate to **All** &gt; **Configuration** &gt; **Health Preference**. In the right hand-side pane, select **System Properties**.

For performance reasons, it is recommended not to set this property to a value greater than 120.

**Note:** If you enter an invalid value, the default value is used.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Attribute in the \[cmdb\_ci\] table that references the User or User Group table. CMDB Health Dashboard charts use this attribute to determine CIs’ ownership.

 glide.cmdb.health.ci\_ownership\_field

</td><td>

Attribute in the \[cmdb\_ci\] table that the CMDB Health Dashboard uses to determine CI ownership.-   Type: string
-   Default value: managed\_by\_group
-   Location: Navigate to **All** &gt; **Configuration** &gt; **Health Preference**. In the right hand-side pane, select **System Properties**.

</td></tr><tr><td>

glide.cmdb.logger.use\_syslog.CMDBHealth

</td><td>

A comma-separated list that controls the level of logging of CMDB Health jobs. Logging creates entries in the system logs to capture messages generated by the health auditing process each time they run. This logging helps debugging if there is a failure. For example, to log error and info messages, set the value to 'error,info'.

-   Type: String
-   Default value: error
-   Other possible values: Comma-separated list with any of the following values:

    -   info
    -   error
    -   warn
Or '\*' which is equivalent to including all possible values.

-   Location: System Property \[sys\_properties\] table.

</td></tr><tr><td>

glide.cmdb.health.src.cmdb\_health\_audit\_only

</td><td>

When set to true, disables health results from sources other than CMDB Health audit \(such as Cloud Discovery\). Only results generated by CMDB Health audit appear for KPIs in the CMDB Health Dashboard.

 For example, by default, if a CI is determined to be stale by Discovery, then that CI is counted as stale for the correctness KPI even though CMDB Health audit didn't determine that CI to be stale. However, in this case, drilling-down the stale CIs metric, still shows those CIs in which source is Cloud Discovery.

 -   Type: true \| false
-   Default value: false
-   Location: System Property \[sys\_properties\] table.
-   Learn more:
    -   [CMDB Health KPIs and metrics](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/servicenow-platform/configuration-management-database-cmdb/r_CMDBHealthMetrics.md)
    -   [Discovery for VMware vCenter](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/it-operations-management/itom-visibility/c_DiscoveryForVMwareVCenter.md)

</td></tr><tr><td>

glide.cmdb.health.staleness\_exclude\_dependent\_cis

</td><td>

Exclude dependent CIs for the staleness CMDB Health metric.

 When enabled, dependent CIs are not checked for staleness, regardless of any staleness or inclusion rules that are defined for the respective CI types.

 -   Type: true \| false
-   Default value: false
-   Location: System Property \[sys\_properties\] table.

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>