---
title: Tasks view in Service Graph Workspace
description: The Task view in Service Graph Workspace provides task owners access for tracking and managing their tasks such as CMDB Health related tasks, certification, attestation, and lifecycle tasks generated by the CMDB Data Manager.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/servicenow-platform/configuration-management-database-cmdb/sg-workspace-tasks-view.html
release: australia
product: Configuration Management Database \(CMDB\)
classification: configuration-management-database-cmdb
topic_type: concept
last_updated: "2026-03-12"
reading_time_minutes: 4
breadcrumb: [Explore, Service Graph Workspace, Configuration Management Database \(CMDB\), Configuration Management, Extend ServiceNow AI Platform capabilities]
---

# Tasks view in Service Graph Workspace

The Task view in Service Graph Workspace provides task owners access for tracking and managing their tasks such as CMDB Health related tasks, certification, attestation, and lifecycle tasks generated by the CMDB Data Manager.

## Access

Navigate to **Workspaces** &gt; **Service Graph Workspace**, and then in the navigation panel, select the Tasks icon. In the Tasks view navigation panel, select **Certification**, **Attestation**, or **Lifecycle** to access the different task type pages.

Role required: data\_manager\_user, sn\_cmdb\_user, sn\_cmdb\_editor, or sn\_cmdb\_admin

## Task overview

The Task overview page shows charts with overall counts of tasks that you own, grouped by status and by policy type. Counts include attestation, certification, life-cycle, and health tasks as applicable. The Overdue tasks card for example, is a count of all open tasks, including those from [CMDB Data Manager](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/servicenow-platform/configuration-management-database-cmdb/cmdb-data-management.md) that are assigned to you, or to an assigned group in the **Managed by Group** attribute which you are a member of. For CMDB Admins, tasks that aren't assigned to anyone are also included.

Task overview provides the following cards:

-   **Overdue tasks**

    Overdue tasks, which are most urgent for you to review.

-   **In-progress tasks**

    Tasks that have started, but not yet completed.

-   **Not started tasks**

    Tasks that haven't started.

-   **Completed tasks**

    Completed tasks. The Closed card counts all tasks that are in a closed state \('Closed Complete', 'Closed Canceled', 'Closed Incomplete', and 'Rejected'\)?

-   **Excluded records**

    Records such as CIs that are set to be excluded for the tasks.


## Certification tasks

Lists any Data Certification tasks assigned to you or to an assignment group that you belong to in accordance with [CMDB Data Manager](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/servicenow-platform/configuration-management-database-cmdb/cmdb-data-management.md) policies. For managers, tasks of direct reports are included, and for user group managers, tasks of members in the group are also included.

This card shows records from the CMDB Data Management Task \[cmdb\_data\_management\_task\] table, in which **policy.cmdb\_policy\_type** = **Certification** \(in addition to other filters\).

Review and process these tasks by checking audit results for the associated CIs and attribute values. For more information about reviewing Data Certification tasks, see [Review certification tasks](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/servicenow-platform/configuration-management-database-cmdb/data-certific-review-tasks.md).

## Attestation tasks

Lists any attestation tasks assigned to you or to an assignment group that you belong to in accordance with CMDB Data Manager Attestation policies. For managers, tasks of direct reports are included, and for user group managers, tasks of members in the group are also included.

This card shows records from the CMDB Data Management Task \[cmdb\_data\_management\_task\] table, in which **policy.cmdb\_policy\_type** = **Attestation** \(in addition to other filters\).

Review and process these attestation tasks by checking the physical existence of IT infrastructure or applications associated with the CIs in the tasks. For information about reviewing and processing attestation tasks, see [Review attestation tasks in CMDB Workspace or in Service Graph Workspace](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/servicenow-platform/configuration-management-database-cmdb/review-data-manager-attes-task.md).

## Life-cycle tasks

Lists life-cycle tasks \(policy type is **Retire**, **Archive**, **Delete**, or **Delete related entry**\), generated by the CMDB Data Manager, assigned to you or to an assignment group that you belong to in accordance with [CMDB Data Manager](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/servicenow-platform/configuration-management-database-cmdb/cmdb-data-management.md) policies. The list includes tasks that are in a closed state \('Closed Complete', 'Closed Canceled', 'Closed Incomplete', and 'Rejected'\). For managers, tasks of direct reports are included, and for user group managers, tasks of members in the group are also included.

For information about reviewing and processing life-cycle tasks, see [Review CMDB Data Manager tasks](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/servicenow-platform/configuration-management-database-cmdb/data-manager-review-task-wrkspc.md).

