---
title: Set up ServiceNow Event Ingestion Integration add-on
description: Install and set up the ServiceNow Event Ingestion Integration add-on in your Splunk enterprise console or Splunk Cloud instance.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/security-management/security-incident-response/splunk-event-ingest-setup-prereqs.html
release: australia
product: Security Incident Response
classification: security-incident-response
topic_type: task
last_updated: "2026-03-12"
reading_time_minutes: 4
breadcrumb: [Integration architecture and external systems connection, Splunk Enterprise Event Ingestion integration for Security Operations by ServiceNow, Security Incident Response integrations, Security Incident Response, Enterprise security case management applications, Security Operations]
---

# Set up ServiceNow Event Ingestion Integration add-on

Install and set up the ServiceNow Event Ingestion Integration add-on in your Splunk enterprise console or Splunk Cloud instance.

## Before you begin

**Important:**

Create a **Manual event forwarding** profile to forward alerts on-demand from your splunk console to create a Security Incident Response \(SIR\) on the ServiceNow instance. For more information, see [Create and name an event profile](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/security-management/security-incident-response/splunk-event-ingest-create-profile.md) and implement same for Splunk V2.

This add-on setup is necessary to enable manual event forwarding for the Splunk profile. Up-to two configurations can be created for a particular add-on. \(**Splunk Primary** and **Splunk Secondary**\)

Verify that you have installed the application for this integration from the ServiceNow Store before installing the add-on plugin from splunkbase that is required for manual event ingestion. If you have not installed the application for the integration from the ServiceNow Store, see [Install and configure the ServiceNow application for the Splunk Enterprise Event Ingestion integration](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/security-management/security-incident-response/splunk-event-ingest-install-and-configure.md) and follow the instructions to install it.

Role required: ServiceNow AI Platform administrator \(admin\)

## About this task

If you want to export events manually and on-demand from your Splunk console for the integration, download, and set up the ServiceNow Event Ingestion Integration add-on from Splunkbase in your Splunk console.

This ServiceNow extension add-on is required so that security incidents can be created from manually exported events in your ServiceNow AI Platform instance. This ServiceNow Event Ingestion Integration add-on is available on [splunkbase](https://splunkbase.splunk.com/).

For manual event forwarding, you can identify up to two different ServiceNow AI Platform endpoints \(instances\) in your Splunk Enterprise console. You forward the events to the endpoint or endpoints manually to create security incidents. For example, you can specify both a staging \(development\) instance and a production instance. By specifying separate instances and naming primary and secondary workflows for each instance, you can choose where you want to forward different events.

## Procedure

1.  If you have not already installed the **ServiceNow Event Ingestion Integration** add-on, follow these steps to install and configure it.

    1.  Download **ServiceNow Event Ingestion Integration** add-on from [Splunkbase](https://splunkbase.splunk.com/).

    2.  If prompted, restart the Splunk Enterprise.

        The **ServiceNow Event Ingestion Integration** add-on is installed in your Splunk Enterprise enterprise console. The next step is to set up the Add-on.

2.  To set up the Addon, follow these steps.

    1.  In the [Splunk Enterprise](https://splunk.secops-eng.com:8000/en-GB/app/launcher/home), select **Manage Apps** gear icon on the menu drop-down list.

    2.  On the list of applications that is displayed, in the **Actions** column, select **Set up** for **ServiceNow Event Ingestion Integration**.

        The ServiceNow Event Ingestion Integration add-on is configured into three different tabs.

        -   **Splunk Primary**: The default or primary Splunk configuration.
        -   **Splunk Secondary**: \(Optional\) The backup or second Splunk configuration.
        -   **Logging Level**: The level of reporting logs generated by the integration, meaning the name of the type of information.
    3.  On the form, fill in the fields.

<table id="table_evw_xjl_gxc"><thead><tr><th>

Field

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

Workflow action label

</td><td>

Name of the instance.This will be an action in the drop-down of **Event Actions** for alerts in the Splunk console.

</td></tr><tr><td>

URL

</td><td>

URL of the ServiceNow instance you entered in the preceding workflow action label field.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Endpoint

</td><td>

Base API path.Default for this field is: `/api/sn_sec_splunk_v2/event_ingestion`.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Auth type

</td><td>

Authentication method to be used for API requests. The available options include:-   **Basic Authentication**: Uses username and password to authenticate requests.
-   **OAuth 2.0 Authentication**: Uses access tokens to authenticate requests.


</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">

**Basic Authentication**

</td></tr><tr><td>

Username

</td><td>

Username of the user.User with the \(sn\_sec\_splunk\_v2.api\_account\_access\) role should be present in the instance specified in the preceding URL field for manual event forwarding.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Password

</td><td>

Password of the user.User with the \(sn\_sec\_splunk\_v2.api\_account\_access\) role should be present in the instance specified in the preceding URL field for manual event forwarding.

</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">

**OAuth 2.0 Authentication**

</td></tr><tr><td>

Client Id

</td><td>

Client ID of the app created in the ServiceNow instance.For information on how to get the Client ID, see [Configure Application Registry on the ServiceNow instance](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/security-management/security-incident-response/configure-application-registry-splunk.md).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Client Secret

</td><td>

Client Secret of the app created in the ServiceNow instance.For information on how to get the Client Secret, see [Configure Application Registry on the ServiceNow instance](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/security-management/security-incident-response/configure-application-registry-splunk.md).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Redirect URL

</td><td>

Copy and paste this URL in the redirect URL field of the Application Registries record.

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>        \[Omitted image "splunk-event-ingest-config.gif"\] Alt text: ServiceNow Event Ingestion Integration set up on Splunk

    4.  Select **Save**.

    5.  Select the **Splunk Secondary** tab.

    6.  On the form, fill in the fields.

        Fields are same as in the Splunk Primary tab.

    7.  Select **Save**.

        **Note:** Up-to two configurations can be created for a particular add-on.\(**Basic Authentication** and another **OAuth 2.0 Authentication**\)

    8.  Select the **Logging Level** tab.

    9.  On the form, fill in the fields.

<table id="table_b4q_pgp_vgc"><thead><tr><th>

Field

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

Log Level

</td><td>

The level of reporting logs generated by the integration, meaning the name of the type of information. You can also update the value to the following options:-   **info**
-   **error**
-   **warn**
-   **debug**
 By default, the value is **info**.

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>    10. Select **Save**.


## What to do next

[Using ServiceNow Event Ingestion Integration add-on](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/security-management/security-incident-response/use-v2-addon.md)

**Parent Topic:**[Integration architecture and external systems connection for the Splunk Enterprise Event Ingestion integration](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/security-management/security-incident-response/splunk-event-ingest-integration-architecture.md)

