---
title: Setup ServiceNow Security Operations Event Ingestion Addon for Splunk ES
description: The ServiceNow Security Operations Event Ingestion Add-on for Splunk ES enables seamless integration between Splunk and ServiceNow Security Operations, allowing you to send security-related events from Splunk to ServiceNow security incident. For detailed instructions on downloading and installing the Addon, follow the steps outlined in this guide.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/security-management/security-incident-response/splunk-es-addon.html
release: australia
product: Security Incident Response
classification: security-incident-response
topic_type: task
last_updated: "2026-03-12"
reading_time_minutes: 4
keywords: [Security Operations Event Ingestion Addon for Splunk ES]
breadcrumb: [Splunk Enterprise Security event ingestion integration, Security Incident Response integrations, Security Incident Response, Enterprise security case management applications, Security Operations]
---

# Setup ServiceNow Security Operations Event Ingestion Addon for Splunk ES

The ServiceNow Security Operations Event Ingestion Add-on for Splunk ES enables seamless integration between Splunk and ServiceNow Security Operations, allowing you to send security-related events from Splunk to ServiceNow security incident. For detailed instructions on downloading and installing the Addon, follow the steps outlined in this guide.

## Before you begin

Verify that you have installed the application for this integration from the ServiceNow Store prior to installing the addon plugin from splunkbase that is required for manual event ingestion. If you have not installed the application for the integration from the ServiceNow Store, see [Install and configure the ServiceNow application for the Splunk Enterprise Event Ingestion integration](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/security-management/security-incident-response/splunk-event-ingest-install-and-configure.md) and follow the instructions to install it.

Role required: ServiceNow AI Platform administrator \(admin\)

## About this task

**Important:**

Create a **Manual event forwarding** profile to forward events on-demand from your Splunk Enterprise Security console to create a Security Incident Response \(SIR\) on the ServiceNow instance. For more information, see [Create and name an event profile](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/security-management/security-incident-response/splunk-event-ingest-create-profile.md).

This add-on setup is necessary to enable manual event forwarding for the Splunk profile. Up to two configurations can be created for a particular add-on. \(**Splunk Primary** and **Splunk Secondary**\)

For manual event forwarding, you can identify up to two different ServiceNow AI Platform endpoints \(instances\) in your Splunk Enterprise console. You forward the events to the endpoint or endpoints manually to create security incidents. For example, you can specify both a staging \(development\) instance and a production instance. By specifying separate instances and naming primary and secondary workflows for each instance, you can choose where you want to forward different events.

## Procedure

1.  If you have not already installed the **ServiceNow Security Operations Event Ingestion Add-on for Splunk ES**, follow these steps to install and configure it.

    1.  Download the **ServiceNow Security Operations Event Ingestion Add-on for Splunk ES** from [Splunkbase](https://splunkbase.splunk.com/app/4770).

    2.  If prompted, restart the Splunk Enterprise.

        The **ServiceNow Security Operations Event Ingestion Add-on for Splunk ES** is installed in your Splunk Enterprise enterprise console. The next step is to set up the Add-on.

2.  To set up the Add-on, follow these steps.

    1.  In the [Splunk Enterprise](https://splunk.secops-eng.com:8000/en-GB/app/launcher/home), select **Manage Apps** gear icon on the menu drop-down list.

    2.  In the list of applications, search for **ServiceNow** apps using the filter.

    3.  Look for the **ServiceNow Security Operations Event Ingestion Add-on for Splunk ES**, and select the corresponding **Set up** action.

        The ServiceNow Security Operations Event Ingestion Add-on for Splunk ES is configured into three different tabs.

        -   **Splunk Primary**: The default or primary Splunk configuration.
        -   **Splunk Secondary**: \(Optional\) The backup or second Splunk configuration.
        -   **Logging Level**: The level of reporting logs generated by the integration, meaning the name of the type of information.
    4.  Select the **Splunk Primary** tab.

    5.  On the form, fill in the fields.

<table id="table_evw_xjl_gxc"><thead><tr><th>

Field

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

Workflow action label

</td><td>

Name of the instance.This will be an action in the drop-down of the **Event Actions** in Enterprise Security.

</td></tr><tr><td>

URL

</td><td>

URL of the ServiceNow instance you entered in the preceding workflow action label field.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Endpoint

</td><td>

Base API path.Default for this field is: `/api/sn_sec_splunkes/notable_event_ingestion`.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Auth type

</td><td>

Authentication method to be used for API requests. The available options include:-   **Basic Authentication**: Uses username and password to authenticate requests.
-   **OAuth 2.0 Authentication**: Uses access tokens to authenticate requests.


</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">

**Basic Authentication**

</td></tr><tr><td>

Username

</td><td>

Username of the user.User with the \(sn\_sec\_splunkes.api\_account\_access\) role should be present in the instance specified in the preceding URL field for manual event forwarding.

For more information about assigning this role, see [Set up your ServiceNow AI Platform instance for the Splunk Enterprise Event Ingestion integration](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/security-management/security-incident-response/splunk-event-ingest-setup-sn.md).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Password

</td><td>

Password of the user.User with the \(sn\_sec\_splunkes.api\_account\_access\) role should be present in the instance specified in the preceding URL field for manual event forwarding.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Confirm Password

</td><td>

Re enter the password to confirm it.

</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">

**OAuth 2.0 Authentication**

</td></tr><tr><td>

Client Id

</td><td>

Client ID of the app created in the ServiceNow instance.For information on how to get the Client ID, see [Configure Application Registry on the ServiceNow instance](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/security-management/security-incident-response/configure-application-registry-splunk.md).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Client Secret

</td><td>

Client Secret of the app created in the ServiceNow instance.For information on how to get the Client Secret, see [Configure Application Registry on the ServiceNow instance](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/security-management/security-incident-response/configure-application-registry-splunk.md).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Redirect URL

</td><td>

Copy and paste this URL in the redirect URL field of the Application Registries record.

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>    6.  Select **Save**.

    7.  Select the **Splunk Secondary** tab.

    8.  On the form, fill in the fields.

        Fields are same as in the Splunk Primary tab.

    9.  Select **Save**.

        **Note:** Up to two configurations can be created for a particular add-on.\(**Basic Authentication** and another **OAuth 2.0 Authentication**\)

    10. Select the **Logging Level** tab.

    11. On the form, fill in the fields.

<table id="table_b4q_pgp_vgc"><thead><tr><th>

Field

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

Log Level

</td><td>

The level of reporting logs generated by the integration, meaning the name of the type of information. You can also update the value to the following options:-   **info**
-   **error**
-   **warn**
-   **debug**
 By default, the value is **info**.

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>    12. Select **Save**.


## What to do next

[Using ServiceNow Security Operations Event Ingestion Add-on for Splunk ES](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/security-management/security-incident-response/use-event-ingestion-addon.md)

