---
title: Import a new building - Mappedin
description: Use Import a new building to import the Mappedin map and define the building details.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/employee-service-management/wsm-mappedin-import-building.html
release: australia
topic_type: task
last_updated: "2026-03-12"
reading_time_minutes: 1
breadcrumb: [Convert Mappedin data to Workplace Space Mapping data, Configure Mappedin, Configure, Workplace Space Mapping, Workplace Service Delivery, Employee Service Management]
---

# Import a new building - Mappedin

Use **Import a new building** to import the Mappedin map and define the building details.

## Before you begin

Role required: sn\_wsd\_mappedin.admin

**Note:** You can only import Mappedin maps. Before running an import, back up the building, floor, and spaces.

## Procedure

1.  Navigate to **All** &gt; **Workplace Core** &gt; **Administration** &gt; **Import a new building**.

2.  Fill in the fields.

<table id="table_l5h_yvp_zlb"><thead><tr><th>

Field

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

Number

</td><td>

A unique number automatically generated by the application that identifies the building.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Name

</td><td>

Name of the building.**Note:** Be specific and have a consistent naming convention when naming your buildings.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Region

</td><td>

Geographic location of the building.Click the Lookup using list icon \[Omitted image "search-icon.png"\] Alt text: Lookup using list icon to view a list of regions you can select.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Site

</td><td>

The location of the building within a region.Click the Lookup using list icon \[Omitted image "search-icon.png"\] Alt text: Lookup using list icon to view a list of sites you can select.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Campus

</td><td>

Name of the campus if you have multiple buildings at a site.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Select a venue to import

</td><td>

The name of the Mappedin venue you want to import.

</td></tr><tr><td>

External ID

</td><td>

The Mappedin external ID that represents the map you are importing. The value defaults to the name of the Mappedin venue.

**Note:** After selecting a venue, do not change the External ID.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Active

</td><td>

Option indicating whether this building is active.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Is reservable

</td><td>

Option indicating whether a workplace user can reserve spaces for the building.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Managed by group

</td><td>

The group that manages the space reservation for the building.Click the Lookup using list icon \[Omitted image "search-icon.png"\] Alt text: Lookup using list icon to view a list of groups you can select.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Managed by

</td><td>

The workplace manager of the group that manages the space reservation for the building.Click the Lookup using list icon \[Omitted image "search-icon.png"\] Alt text: Lookup using list icon to view a list of group managers you can select.

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>3.  Click **Import**.

    The **Import Building On-Demand** designer flow initiates. The **Floors**, **Areas**, and **Spaces** related list tabs appears. If values do not appear, try refreshing the form.

4.  Review the imported Mappedin data and make corrections.

5.  Click **Update**.


**Parent Topic:**[Convert Mappedin data to Workplace Space Mapping data](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/wsm-mappedin-type-table.md)

