---
title: Adaptive authentication for mobile apps system properties
description: Use these system properties to configure access to IP-restricted networks for ServiceNow mobile apps.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/zurich/mobile/adapt-auth-mob-apps-sys-props.html
release: zurich
topic_type: reference
last_updated: "2025-07-31"
reading_time_minutes: 1
breadcrumb: [Configure access, IP-restricted networks, Mobile authentication, Configuring the Mobile Platform, Mobile Platform]
---

# Adaptive authentication for mobile apps system properties

Use these system properties to configure access to IP-restricted networks for ServiceNow mobile apps.

<table id="table_hwj_zx3_mtb"><thead><tr><th>

Property

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

**glide.device.token.allowed.time.limit**

</td><td>

Sets the allowed time difference, in minutes, between the ServiceNow instance and the mobile device. Enter a Value between `5` and `30` minutes. By default, this property is set to 5 minutes. Type is **integer**.

</td></tr><tr><td>

**glide.device.trust.allow.only.registered.user**

</td><td>

When you enter `true` as a Value for this property, only the user who registered the mobile device is able to log in to the ServiceNow instance on that device. If a different user attempts to log in using this trusted device, the login fails. Type is **true \| false**.

</td></tr><tr><td>

**glide.device.trust.cookie.validity.time**

</td><td>

Number of minutes that the cookie generated by the mobile app client is valid while the client is logged in to the ServiceNow instance. Enter a Value between `15` and `60` minutes. By default, this property is set to 30 minutes. Type is **integer**.

</td></tr><tr><td>

**glide.device.trust.login.cookie.validity.time**

</td><td>

Number of minutes a cookie that is generated by the ServiceNow instance on the server is valid during the login process. Enter a Value between `3` and `15` minutes. By default, this property is set to 15 minutes. Type is **integer**.

</td></tr><tr><td>

**glide.preauth.device.trust.skip.user.registration**

</td><td>

When you enter `true` as the Value for this property, users can skip mobile device registration when connecting from a trusted network. Type is **true \| false**.

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>**Parent Topic:**[Configure mobile access for IP-restricted networks](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/mobile/config-mob-acc-iprstrctd-ntwrks.md)

