---
title: Non OIDC authentication for ServiceNow components
description: Generate a JSON Web Token \(JWT\) token to authenticate your ServiceNow components if your website doesn’t use OpenID Connect \(OIDC\) authentication.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/customer-service-management/customer-self-service-and-omnichannel-engagement/auth-sn-webcomponents-non-oidc.html
release: australia
product: Customer Self-service and Omnichannel Engagement
classification: customer-self-service-and-omnichannel-engagement
topic_type: concept
last_updated: "2026-03-12"
reading_time_minutes: 1
breadcrumb: [Set up Web Embeddables, Web Embeddables, Set up self-service, Configure, Customer Service Management]
---

# Non OIDC authentication for ServiceNow components

Generate a JSON Web Token \(JWT\) token to authenticate your ServiceNow components if your website doesn’t use OpenID Connect \(OIDC\) authentication.

**Note:** You can test ServiceNow components on your sandbox instance without setting up authentication. For more information, see [Test the ServiceNow components in a sandbox environment](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/customer-service-management/customer-self-service-and-omnichannel-engagement/test-sn-comp-we.md).

## Setting up a JWT token in the ServiceNow instance

The token must be in JWT format with a user identifier. Create a OAuth Entity record and include the third party's well-known configuration to validate the token signature on the ServiceNow instance.

## Setting up a JWT token with public keys from a third-party website

A JWT token can be created on your third-party website. It’s validated if the third party provides the public key used for the token's signature using a JSON Web key Set \(JWKS\) URI and a well-known configuration URL.

To achieve this, two public URLs can be created. The first URL can provide the public key information. The second URL serves as the metadata or well-known configuration URL, referencing the URL of the public key under the **jwks\_uri** attribute. Once these URLs are set up, ServiceNow instance can be configured to accept third-party tokens generated by a third-party OIDC provider. For more information, see [Configure an OAuth OIDC provider for accepting third-party token](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/platform-security/authentication/add-OIDC-entity.md).

## Setting up JWT token with public key hosting on ServiceNow

A JWT token can also be issued from a third-party site. If you’re unable to provide a JWKS URI and a well-known configuration, an alternative involves uploading the public key directly to the ServiceNow instance. Additionally, public-scripted REST APIs can be implemented to replicate the output of a well-known configuration endpoint. In such cases, the public key must be accessible through a public-scripted REST endpoint within the ServiceNow instance.

