---
title: Multi-factor authentication for Business Portal
description: Enable multi-factor authentication for business portal users so that access to the self-service web portals is more secure from potential vulnerabilities.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/zurich/customer-service-management/customer-self-service-and-omnichannel-engagement/configure-business-portal-multifactor-auth.html
release: zurich
product: Customer Self-service and Omnichannel Engagement
classification: customer-self-service-and-omnichannel-engagement
topic_type: concept
last_updated: "2025-07-31"
reading_time_minutes: 2
breadcrumb: [Configure Business Portal, Set up self-service, Configure, Customer Service Management]
---

# Multi-factor authentication for Business Portal

Enable multi-factor authentication for business portal users so that access to the self-service web portals is more secure from potential vulnerabilities.

Multi-factor authentication, also known as two-step verification, is a security requirement that asserts a user enter more than one set of credentials. For more information, see [Multi-factor authentication](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/platform-security/authentication/mfa-landing.md).

## Multi-factor authentication properties

Use properties to enable role-based multi-factor authentication criteria and configure the behavior.

<table id="table_g3p_2rx_g3b"><thead><tr><th>

Property

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

Enable Multi-factor authentication\[glide.authenticate.multifactor\]

</td><td>

Select this check box to allow users and administrators to use this feature.-   Type: enabled \| disabled
-   Default value: enabled
-   Location: **Multi-factor Authentication** &gt; **Properties**

</td></tr><tr><td>

Number of times a user can bypass setting up multi-factor authentication \[glide.authenticate.multifactor.setup.bypass.count\]

</td><td>

Enter a number that represents how many times a user can choose to skip the additional passcode requirement. This gives your users the ability to still log in the instance if they do not have their mobile device with them. If you disable this feature and then re-enable it, the counter starts over again.-   Type: string
-   Default value: 3
-   Location: **Multi-factor Authentication** &gt; **Properties**

</td></tr><tr><td>

The time in minutes, the one time code sent to user's email address is valid for\[glide.multifactor.onetime.code.validity\]

</td><td>

Enter a number in minutes that specifies how long the reset code is valid. See [Log on with multi-factor authentication](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/platform-security/authentication/t_LogOnWithMultifactorAuth.md).-   Type: string
-   Default value: 10
-   Location: **Multi-factor Authentication** &gt; **Properties**

</td></tr><tr><td>

Additional time in seconds for which the code will be valid to accommodate for the clock skew. Max value is 60 seconds.\[glide.authenticate.multifactor.clock\_skew\]

</td><td>

Enter a number in seconds with a maximum of `60`.By default, the instance validates the code entered by the user against the single app-generated code generated at whatever the `current time` is. You can skew the time window with this property and allow one or more codes generated during a time window to be considered valid.

The property's value is used in the following calculation: `current time - x/2` and `current time + x/2`, where 'x' is the value of this property. If you use the value of `10`, for example, the instance considers any codes generated by the app between the time range `[the current time - 5 seconds]` and `[current time + 5 seconds]` to be valid. Use this property to prevent log in issues where the user is unable to enter the correct code in the default time allotted.

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>## Configure roles for multi-factor authentication

Add the external role sn\_customerservice.customer to the multi-factor roles.

Users with this role is required to use multi-factor authentication. For more information, see [Configure user-based multi-factor criteria](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/platform-security/authentication/t_RequireMultifactorAuthForAUser.md).

**Related topics**  


[Multi-factor authentication](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/platform-security/authentication/mfa-landing.md)

