---
title: Multi-factor authentication for Customer and Consumer Service Portals
description: Multi-factor authentication, also known as two-step verification, is a security requirement that asserts a user enter more than one set of credentials.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/customer-service-management/customer-self-service-and-omnichannel-engagement/configure-csm-multifactor-auth.html
release: australia
product: Customer Self-service and Omnichannel Engagement
classification: customer-self-service-and-omnichannel-engagement
topic_type: concept
last_updated: "2026-03-12"
reading_time_minutes: 2
breadcrumb: [Customer and Consumer Service Portals, Configure portals, Set up self-service, Configure, Customer Service Management]
---

# Multi-factor authentication for Customer and Consumer Service Portals

Multi-factor authentication, also known as two-step verification, is a security requirement that asserts a user enter more than one set of credentials.

Enable multi-factor authentication for Customer and Consumer Service Portal users so that access to the self-service web portals is more secure from potential vulnerabilities. For more information, see [Multifactor authentication \(MFA\)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/platform-security/authentication/mfa-use.md).

## Multi-factor authentication properties

Use properties to enable role-based multi-factor authentication criteria and configure the behavior.

<table id="table_g3p_2rx_g3b"><thead><tr><th>

Property

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

Enable Multi-factor authentication\[glide.authenticate.multifactor\]

</td><td>

Select this check box to enable users and administrators to use this feature.-   Type: enabled \| disabled
-   Default value: enabled
-   Location: **Multi-factor Authentication** &gt; **Properties**

</td></tr><tr><td>

Number of times a user can bypass setting up multi-factor authentication \[glide.authenticate.multifactor.setup.bypass.count\]

</td><td>

Enter a number that represents how many times a user can skip the additional passcode requirement, allowing them to log in even without their mobile device. If you disable this feature and then re-enable it, the counter starts over again.-   Type: string
-   Default value: 3
-   Location: **Multi-factor Authentication** &gt; **Properties**

</td></tr><tr><td>

The time in minutes, the one-time code sent to user's email address is valid for\[glide.multifactor.onetime.code.validity\]

</td><td>

Enter a number in minutes that specifies how long the reset code is valid. See [Log on with multi-factor authentication](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/platform-security/authentication/t_LogOnWithMultifactorAuth.md).-   Type: string
-   Default value: 10
-   Location: **Multi-factor Authentication** &gt; **Properties**

</td></tr><tr><td>

Additional time in seconds for which the code will be valid to accommodate for the clock skew. Max value is 60 seconds.\[glide.authenticate.multifactor.clock\_skew\]

</td><td>

Enter a number in seconds with a maximum of `60`.By default, the instance validates the code entered by you against the single app-generated code generated at whatever the `current time` is. You can skew the time window with this property and allow one or more codes generated during a time window to be considered valid.

The property's value is used in the following calculation: `current time - x/2` and `current time + x/2`, where 'x' is the value of this property. If you use the value of `10`, for example, the instance considers any codes generated by the app between the time range `[the current time - 5 seconds]` and `[current time + 5 seconds]` to be valid. Use this property to help prevent log in issues where you’re unable to enter the correct code in the default time allotted.

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>## Configure roles for multi-factor authentication

Add the following external roles to the multi-factor roles:

-   sn\_customerservice.customer
-   sn\_customerservice.consumer

Users with these roles are required to use multi-factor authentication. For more information, see [Configure user-based multi-factor criteria](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/platform-security/authentication/t_RequireMultifactorAuthForAUser.md).

