---
title: Generate highlights for improvement opportunities
description: Generate highlights for the improvement opportunities to optimize your processes.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/now-intelligence/process-mining/generate-highlights.html
release: australia
product: Process Mining
classification: process-mining
topic_type: task
last_updated: "2026-03-12"
reading_time_minutes: 1
breadcrumb: [Use, Now Assist for Process Mining, Use, Process Mining, Platform Analytics]
---

# Generate highlights for improvement opportunities

Generate highlights for the improvement opportunities to optimize your processes.

## Before you begin

Role required: sn\_process\_mining\_analyst, sn\_process\_mining\_power\_user, or sn\_process\_mining\_admin

## Procedure

1.  Navigate to **Workspaces** &gt; **Process Mining Workspace**.

2.  Select a project.

3.  Go to the Opportunities details page.

    For more information about Opportunities details page, see [Opportunity details page](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/now-intelligence/process-mining/opportunity-details.md).

4.  Select the Improvement Opportunities icon on the right-side panel.

    The list of available improvement opportunities is displayed.

5.  Select the improvement opportunity whose details you want to view.

    The metrics per finding are provided at the top. You can also generate the highlights.

6.  Select **Generate Highlights**.

    **Important:**

    -   The **Generate Highlights** button is displayed only if the Process Inefficiency Highlights skill is activated on your instance.
    -   If the skill is activated, but you do not have the Now Assist for Creator role, the **Generate Highlights** button is unavailable. You can only view the highlights that are generated by other users on the instance. You cannot generate any highlights.
    -   If there are more than 50 records for an inefficiency, you can generate the highlights. Otherwise, the **Generate Highlights** button is unavailable.
    -   If there are no improvement opportunities for this project, this area is empty.
    The highlights for the selected improvement opportunity are displayed.


**Parent Topic:**[Using Now Assist for Process Mining](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/now-intelligence/process-mining/use-na-process-mining.md)

