---
title: Integrating ESG Management \(formerly ESG\) with SAP Concur
description: Use the Operational Sustainability Integration with Concur to calculate your carbon emissions when your employees travel by car, airplane, and train for business. Tracking these emissions enables you to manage them and take the necessary actions to reduce them.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/zurich/environmental-social-governance/integrate-esg-with-concur.html
release: zurich
topic_type: concept
last_updated: "2026-03-12"
reading_time_minutes: 2
breadcrumb: [Integrating ESG Management \(formerly ESG\) with other applications, Operational Sustainability Management \(formerly Environmental, Social, and Governance\)]
---

# Integrating ESG Management \(formerly ESG\) with SAP Concur

Use the Operational Sustainability Integration with Concur to calculate your carbon emissions when your employees travel by car, airplane, and train for business. Tracking these emissions enables you to manage them and take the necessary actions to reduce them.

Business travel is an essential aspect of many organizations. However, such travel often results in the emission of harmful greenhouse gases. SAP Concur is a travel and expense management solution that automates the spend management process​. It also integrates with other enterprise systems, such as accounting and financial management software, to provide a complete view of travel and expense data.

When you use the Operational Sustainability Integration with Concur, you can better understand the impact of employee travel on the environment, and calculate the carbon emissions generated when employees travel by plane, train, or car for business purposes. This information can help organizations take steps towards reducing their carbon footprint and promoting environmentally sustainable practices. Using this integration, you can import travel data for employees for Scope 3 emission calculation and avoid manual data entry​.

To track the emissions, by default, the following metric definitions are provided in inactive state:

-   Total distance travelled by all employees by car
-   Total distance travelled by all employees by train
-   Total distance travelled by all employees by airplane

You must activate those metric definitions that you require. After you create the necessary connections and credentials and subscribe to the webhook registry, the scheduled jobs that are provided run and every time there is a trip created or updated in Concur, the data gets imported into ESG Management.

-   **[Install the Operational Sustainability Integration with Concur](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/environmental-social-governance/install-the-esg-integration-with-concur.md)**  
You can install the Operational Sustainability Integration with Concur application \(sn\_esg\_concur\) if you have the admin role. The application includes demo data and installs related ServiceNow® Store applications and plugins if they are not already installed.
-   **[Activate the SAP Concur metric definitions](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/environmental-social-governance/activate-the-concur-md.md)**  
Activate those metric definitions for which you want to track emissions data. By default, three metric definitions are provided to track the emissions generated by employees traveling by airplane, car, and train.
-   **[Create a connection for SAP concur event subscription service](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/environmental-social-governance/create-a-concur-connection.md)**  
Create connection and credential records for the Operational Sustainability Integration with Concur so that you can establish a new connection.
-   **[Create a SAP Concur webhook registry](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/environmental-social-governance/create-concur-webhook-registry.md)**  
Create a webhook registry to be notified whenever a trip is either created or modified in SAP Concur.
-   **[Run the entity onboarding job for SAP Concur](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/environmental-social-governance/run-entity-onboarding-job-for-concur.md)**  
Run the specified scheduled job to get new entities that may have been added in Concur. Running this job ensures that the entity mapping table is updated.
-   **[Run SAP Concur trip data import scheduled job](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/environmental-social-governance/run-sap-concur-trip-data-import-scheduled-job.md)**  
Run the trip data import scheduled job to obtain the trip data from Concur. The trip data consists of details such as the distance traveled, trip start date and end date, and so on. This job runs automatically but can also be executed manually.
-   **[Run SAP Concur data import scheduled job](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/environmental-social-governance/run-sap-concur-data-import-scheduled-job.md)**  
The data import scheduled job automatically runs monthly and can also be executed manually. When this job runs, it aggregates the data from the SAP Concur trip data staging table based on the trip end date and creates metric data for the respective metric definitions.​

**Parent Topic:**[Integrating ESG Management \(formerly ESG\) with other applications](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/environmental-social-governance/integrate-esg.md)

