---
title: Generate a deadlock letter using Now Assist for TMT
description: Generate a deadlock letter for Alternative Dispute Resolution \(ADR\) case. Quickly create the details of the deadlock letter by using the deadlock letter draft generation skill in the Now Assist for TMT application.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-tmt-generate-deadlock-letter.html
release: australia
product: Now Assist for Telecom, Media and Technology
classification: now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology
topic_type: task
last_updated: "2026-03-12"
reading_time_minutes: 2
breadcrumb: [Use generative AI skills, Now Assist for TMT, Telecommunications, Media, and Technology \(TMT\)]
---

# Generate a deadlock letter using Now Assist for TMT

Generate a deadlock letter for Alternative Dispute Resolution \(ADR\) case. Quickly create the details of the deadlock letter by using the deadlock letter draft generation skill in the Now Assist for TMT application.

## Before you begin

Role required: sn\_telco\_adr\_mgmt.manager

## About this task

The deadlock letter draft generation skill provides you with the details of the deadlock letter. This skill collects the inputs from the ADR case. If the customer doesn't agree with the ADR case resolution, then you can use this skill to generate the deadlock letter and share with the customer.

The deadlock letter draft generation skill is available in the CSM/FSM Configurable Workspace.

## Procedure

1.  Navigate to **Workspaces** &gt; **CSM/FSM Configurable Workspace** &gt; **Lists** &gt; **Alternative Dispute Resolution** &gt; **All**.

2.  Open the ADR case that you’re working on.

3.  Select Resolution stage.

4.  In the Generate deadlock letter activity, navigate to the **Customer correspondence content** field.

5.  Select the Now Assist icon \(\[Omitted image "icon-ai-sparkle.png"\] Alt text: Now Assist Icon.\).

    The Now Assist component appears and generates the deadlock letter details.

    **Note:** Generating and displaying the details may take several seconds.

6.  After you're finished summarizing the key findings, manage the results.

<table id="choicetable_md1_nyf_xyb"><thead><tr><th align="left" id="d25097e143">

Option

</th><th align="left" id="d25097e146">

Procedure

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td id="d25097e152">

**Provide feedback for the summary**

</td><td>

-   If you think that the details of the deadlock letter were helpful, select the helpful icon \(\[Omitted image "icon-helpful.png"\] Alt text: Helpful icon.\).
-   If you think that the deadlock letter wasn’t helpful, select the not helpful icon \(\[Omitted image "icon-not-helpful.png"\] Alt text: Not helpful icon.\).
 This feedback improves the generative AI model and can help to improve the future versions of this skill. The system gathers the feedback on each generated summary detail and stores it in the generative AI logs \(sys\_generative\_ai\_log\_list.do\).

</td></tr><tr><td id="d25097e185">

**Copy the case summary**

</td><td>

Select the copy to clipboard icon \(\[Omitted image "icon-copy.png"\] Alt text: Copy to clipboard icon.\) to use the details of the deadlock letter for another purpose, such as pasting into an email.

</td></tr><tr><td id="d25097e200">

**View the information about the case summary**

</td><td>

To check some details about the deadlock letter, select the more info icon \(\[Omitted image "icon-more-info.png"\] Alt text: More info icon.\).

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>7.  Review the details, and then select **Insert** to add the generated content into the **Customer correspondence content** field.

    The details generated by Now Assist appear in the **Customer correspondence content** field.


## What to do next

Complete the remaining steps to execute the ADR case record. To learn more, see [Create an Alternative Dispute Resolution case](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/create-adr-case-record.md).

**Parent Topic:**[Using Now Assist for Telecommunications, Media and Technology \(TMT\)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/telecom-media-technology/now-assist-for-telecom-media-and-technology/now-assist-spm-using.md)

