---
title: Adding evidence to an Employee Relations case in legacy UI
description: Create evidence records to attach to an Employee Relations case to help with investigations.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/employee-service-management/hr-service-delivery/hr-er-evidence.html
release: australia
product: HR Service Delivery
classification: hr-service-delivery
topic_type: task
last_updated: "2026-03-12"
reading_time_minutes: 2
breadcrumb: [Using Evidence Management, Using HR Service Delivery Employee Relations, Employee Relations, Case and Knowledge Management, HR Service Delivery, Employee Service Management]
---

# Adding evidence to an Employee Relations case in legacy UI

Create evidence records to attach to an Employee Relations case to help with investigations.

## Before you begin

Role required: sn\_hr\_er.case\_writer

## Procedure

1.  Navigate to **All** &gt; **Employee Relations** &gt; **Cases**.

2.  Select a case.

3.  Scroll down to the **Evidence** tab in the related list.

4.  Select **New**.

5.  Fill in the form.

<table id="simpletable_ywj_rhh_ppb"><thead><tr><th>

Field

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

Number

</td><td>

The number that identifies the evidence record. This is automatically generated by the application.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Name

</td><td>

The name that describes the evidence.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Evidence type

</td><td>

The evidence type associated with the evidence. The base system provides the following:

-   Audio
-   Chat logs
-   Email
-   Photos
-   Screenshots
-   SMS
-   Video
 For more information, see [Create evidence types](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/hr-service-delivery/hr-er-evidence-mgmt.md).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Created by

</td><td>

Name of the user that created the evidence record.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Submitted by involved party

</td><td>

Name of the person who submitted the evidence.Select the **Lookup using list** icon \[Omitted image "magnifying-glass.png"\] Alt text: Lookup using list icon and search for the person that submitted the evidence.

 If no names appear, you can select **New** and create an involved party. For more information, see [Create an involved parties record](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/hr-service-delivery/hr-er-involved-parties.md).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Involved parties

</td><td>

Any person involved with the evidence provided in the ER case.Select the **Unlock involved parties** icon \(\[Omitted image "icon-hr-unlock-add-parties.png"\] Alt text: Unlock involved parties icon\) and search for people you want to include as involved parties.

 If no names appear, you can select **New** and create an involved party. For more information, see [Create an involved parties record](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/hr-service-delivery/hr-er-involved-parties.md).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Table

</td><td>

The table evidence is associated with. The default is the Employee Relations Case \[sn\_hr\_er\_case\] table, but you can associate evidence to any table.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Parent

</td><td>

The parent case the evidence is related to.To associate a parent case, select the **Lookup documents using list** icon \[Omitted image "magnifying-glass.png"\] Alt text: Lookup documents using list icon and select the table associated with the parent case. The default is the Employee Relations Case \[sn\_hr\_er\_case\] table.

 Select the table and the associated case that is the parent case.

**Note:** If you have a parent case and evidence is added to it, this field is pre-populated.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Evidence source type

</td><td>

Indicates if the evidence is an attachment or a URL.Select one. If the evidence is an attachment, attach the file using the Manage Attachments icon \(\[Omitted image "attach-icon.png"\] Alt text: Manage attachments icon\) at the top, right of the form.

 If the evidence is a URL, enter the URL in the URL source field.

</td></tr><tr><td>

URL source

</td><td>

Select the Edit this URL icon \(\[Omitted image "icon-hr-unlock-add-parties.png"\] Alt text: Edit this URL icon\) and enter the URL.This field displays only when you select **URL** from the Evidence source type field.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Interview

</td><td>

The associated interview number. If you came from the interview record, the number automatically displays.

 For more information, see [Interview Management for Employee Relations](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/hr-service-delivery/hr-er-interview-1.md).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Description

</td><td>

Description of the evidence.

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>6.  Select **Submit**.


