---
title: Add case evidence in Agent Workspace for HR Case Management
description: Create evidence records to attach to an Employee Relations case to help with investigations using Agent Workspace for HR Case Management.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/employee-service-management/hr-service-delivery/hr-er-evidence-ws.html
release: australia
product: HR Service Delivery
classification: hr-service-delivery
topic_type: task
last_updated: "2026-03-12"
reading_time_minutes: 2
breadcrumb: [Using Evidence Management, Using HR Service Delivery Employee Relations, Employee Relations, Case and Knowledge Management, HR Service Delivery, Employee Service Management]
---

# Add case evidence in Agent Workspace for HR Case Management

Create evidence records to attach to an Employee Relations case to help with investigations using Agent Workspace for HR Case Management.

## Before you begin

Role required: sn\_hr\_er.case\_writer

## Procedure

1.  Navigate to **All** &gt; **HR Case Management** &gt; **Agent Workspace for HR Case Management**.

2.  Select the **Lists** icon \(\[Omitted image "agent-ws-hr-list-icon.png"\] Alt text: Lists icon\).

3.  In the ER category, select an ER case to which you want to attach evidence.

4.  Select **more** from the row of tabs below the **Case Timeline**.

5.  Select **Evidence** from the row of tabs below the **Case Timeline**.

6.  Select **New**.

7.  Fill in the form.

<table id="simpletable_qqj_v2h_ppb"><thead><tr><th>

Field

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

Number

</td><td>

The number that identifies the evidence record. This is automatically generated by the application.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Name

</td><td>

The name that describes the evidence.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Evidence type

</td><td>

The evidence type associated with the evidence.The base system provides the following:

-   Audio
-   Chat logs
-   Email
-   Photos
-   Screenshots
-   SMS
-   Video
 For more information, see [Create evidence types](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/hr-service-delivery/hr-er-evidence-mgmt.md).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Created by

</td><td>

Name of the user that created the evidence record.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Submitted by involved party

</td><td>

Name of the person who submitted the evidence.Select the **Search for Record** icon \[Omitted image "magnifying-glass.png"\] Alt text: Search for record icon and search for the person that submitted the evidence.

 If no names appear, you can select **New** and create an involved party. For more information, see [Create an involved parties record](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/hr-service-delivery/hr-er-involved-parties.md).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Involved parties

</td><td>

Any person involved with the evidence provided in the ER case.Click into the field and a list of involved parties appears.

 If no names appear, you have to create an involved party record. For more information, see [Create an involved parties record](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/hr-service-delivery/hr-er-involved-parties.md).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Table

</td><td>

The table evidence is associated with. The default is the Employee Relations Case \[sn\_hr\_er\_case\] table, but you can associate evidence to any table.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Parent

</td><td>

The parent case the evidence is related to.To associate a parent case, select the **Lookup documents using list** icon \[Omitted image "magnifying-glass.png"\] Alt text: Lookup documents using list icon and select the table associated with the parent case. The default is the Employee Relations Case \[sn\_hr\_er\_case\] table.

 Select the table and the associated case that is the parent case.

**Note:** If you have a parent case and evidence is added to it, this field is pre-populated.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Evidence source type

</td><td>

Indicates if the evidence is an attachment or a URL.Select one of the following:

-   Attachment
-   URL
If the evidence is an attachment, select **Browse** from Attachments on the right and attach the file.

 If the evidence is a URL, enter the URL in the **URL source** field.

</td></tr><tr><td>

URL source

</td><td>

Select the Edit this URL icon \(\)\[Omitted image "icon-hr-unlock-add-parties.png"\] Alt text: Edit this URL icon and enter the URL.This field displays only when you select **URL** from the Evidence source type field.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Interview

</td><td>

The associated interview number. If you came from the interview record, the number automatically displays.

 If no interview number appears, click into the field and you can select one.

 For more information, see [Interview Management for Employee Relations](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/employee-service-management/hr-service-delivery/hr-er-interview-1.md).

</td></tr><tr><td>

Description

</td><td>

Description of the evidence.

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>8.  Select **Save**.


