---
title: Scripted SOAP web services
description: Scripted SOAP web services allow a ServiceNow administrator to create custom SOAP web services.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/zurich/api-reference/web-services/c\_ScriptedWebServices.html
release: zurich
product: Web Services
classification: web-services
topic_type: concept
last_updated: "2025-07-31"
reading_time_minutes: 3
breadcrumb: [SOAP web service, Inbound, Web services, API implementation, API implementation and reference]
---

# Scripted SOAP web services

Scripted SOAP web services allow a ServiceNow administrator to create custom SOAP web services.

You can define input and output parameters for the SOAP web service and use JavaScript to perform operations. Though this feature is very powerful, use [direct web services](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/api-reference/web-services/c_DirectWebServices.md) or [SOAP web service import sets](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/api-reference/web-services/soap-web-service-import-sets.md) whenever possible since they are simpler to implement and maintain.

## Security

Scripted SOAP web services have the same base security options as all SOAP web services. For details on SOAP web services security, see [SOAP web services security](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/api-reference/web-services/c_SOAPWebService.md).

When [strict security](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/api-reference/web-services/c_SOAPWebService.md) is enforced on a system, the HTTP authenticated user must have the [soap\_script](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/api-reference/web-services/c_SOAPWebService.md) role to execute the scripted web service.

## WSDL

All ServiceNow tables and import sets dynamically generate Web Service Definition Language \(WSDL\) XML documents that describe its table schema and available operations.

## Enforcing WSDL compliance

You can force the response to list output values in the same order as defined in the WSDL.

When you create a scripted SOAP web service, the generated WSDL is based on the Input Parameters and Output Parameters related lists. The actual SOAP response sent by the scripted service is determined by the **Script**. This behavior can cause the script to return output values in a different order than defined in the WSDL.

To enforce the order of output parameters as defined in the related list, select the **WSDL Compliance** check box. When this check box is selected, the web service reorders the parameters returned by the script to match the order in the WSDL.

**Note:** If additional response parameters are returned by the script, but are not defined in the Response Parameters related list, those parameters are excluded from the response when **WSDL Compliance** is selected.

|Parameter|Order|
|---------|-----|
|Param 1|200|
|Param 2|300|
|Param 3|100|

The following is the script that sets values for the defined output parameters. Note that in this example script the parameters are set in a different order than defined in the Output Parameters related list. Also note the additional parameter **param4** that is not defined in the related list.

```
Response.param1 = 1;
Response.param4 = 4;
Response.param3 = 3;
```

When the **WSDL Compliance** check box is **false**, the SOAP response generated by the script is the following:

```
<response>
                <param1>1</param1>
                <param4>4</param1>
                <param3>3</param1>
</response>
```

When the **WSDL Compliance** check box is **true**, the SOAP response generated by the script is the following:

```
<response>
                <param3>3</param1>
                <param1>1</param1>
</response>
```

## Static WSDL

Some web service clients require SOAP access to your instance through a specific WSDL format. This required format may differ from the standard ServiceNow WSDL format. In these cases you can create a static WSDL that matches the required format.

## Global variables

To facilitate custom processing of incoming SOAP requests, the following global variables are available in the script context:

-   soapRequestDocument: Java org.w3c.dom.Document object representing the incoming SOAP envelope.
-   soapRequestXML: String object representing the incoming SOAP envelope XML.
-   request: Javascript object that contains mapped values \(mapped to input parameter names\) of the incoming SOAP envelope.
-   response: Javascript object that allows you to customize the response values. See [Customize Response](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/api-reference/web-services/t_CustomizeResponse.md)

-   **[Create a new scripted SOAP web service](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/api-reference/web-services/createSOAPwebservice.md)**  
Follow these examples to create a new scripted SOAP web service.
-   **[Customize response](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/api-reference/web-services/t_CustomizeResponse.md)**  
Follow this example to customize and control the XML payload of a SOAP response.
-   **[Create a scripted SOAP web service using a static WSDL](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/api-reference/web-services/createSOAPwebserviceStaticWSDL.md)**  
Follow these examples to create a scripted SOAP web service using a static WSDL.

**Parent Topic:**[SOAP web service](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/api-reference/web-services/c_SOAPWebService.md)

