---
title: Generate the summary for selected or complete content with Planning item doc summarization skill in Strategic Planning
description: Quickly learn the details of the documents from the summary that is generated by Now Assist in Strategic Planning.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/zurich/it-business-management/now-assist-for-strategic-portfolio-management-spm/summarize-documents-genai-skill-spw.html
release: zurich
product: Now Assist for Strategic Portfolio Management \(SPM\)
classification: now-assist-for-strategic-portfolio-management-spm
topic_type: task
last_updated: "2025-07-31"
reading_time_minutes: 3
keywords: [Summarize the content with gen ai doc skill, Now Assist skill, Now Assist, Gen AI, Generative AI, Strategic Portfolio Management, SPM]
breadcrumb: [Using Now Assist for Strategic Portfolio Management \(SPM\), Now Assist for Strategic Portfolio Management \(SPM\), Strategic Portfolio Management]
---

# Generate the summary for selected or complete content with Planning item doc summarization skill in Strategic Planning

Quickly learn the details of the documents from the summary that is generated by Now Assist in Strategic Planning.

## Before you begin

**Important:** This Now Assist skill is turned on by default. The skill will be automatically available to appropriate role users for the application. For more information, see .

If you have users with custom roles that need access to this skill, you must update ACLs for those roles and also add those custom roles to the In product role.

Role required: sn\_align\_core.ap\_read\_only, sn\_align\_core.pf\_read, sn\_apw\_advanced.eap\_read\_only, sn\_apw\_advanced.pf\_user, sn\_align\_core.apw\_user, or sn\_align\_core.ap\_read\_only

## About this task

Minimize the time that you spend reading documents, meeting notes, project reports and so on by using a summary that is generated by Now Assist. You can also copy-and-paste the source materials that meet your learning needs in Docs and generate a quick summary.

## Procedure

1.  Navigate to **Workspaces** &gt; **Strategic Planning Workspace** and open any planning item records such as product idea from Feedback.

2.  From the **Docs** tab, perform one of these actions according to your requirements.

<table id="choicetable_iwk_4nw_1dc"><thead><tr><th align="left" id="d88539e136">

Gen AI actions

</th><th align="left" id="d88539e139">

Procedure

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td id="d88539e145">

**Summarize**

</td><td>

Summarize the selected text from the **Docs** tab:

1.  Select the content that you want to summarize and then select **Now Assist**.
2.  Select **Summarize**.
 Summarize the entire page or complete content from the **Docs** tab:

1.  Select **Summarize**.
2.  Select **Done**.


</td></tr><tr><td id="d88539e194">

**Elaborate**

</td><td>

Elaborate the selected text by selecting **Elaborate**.

</td></tr><tr><td id="d88539e206">

**Shorten**

</td><td>

Shorten the selected text by selecting **Shorten**.

</td></tr><tr><td id="d88539e218">

**Insert below**

</td><td>

Add the generated summary after the selected content by selecting **Insert below**.

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>    **Note:** Summarization of the entire content is also permitted for users with the read role.

3.  When you're finished summarizing the content in Docs, you can provide feedback, copy, or view information about it.

<table id="choicetable_q5t_p5h_1dc"><thead><tr><th align="left" id="d88539e245">

Option

</th><th align="left" id="d88539e248">

Procedure

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td id="d88539e254">

**Provide feedback for the summary**

</td><td>

If you think that the summary was helpful, select the helpful icon \(\[Omitted image "icon-helpful-feedback.png"\] Alt text: Helpful icon.\). If you think that the summary wasn’t helpful, select the not helpful icon \(\[Omitted image "icon-nt-helpful.png"\] Alt text: Not helpful icon.\).This feedback improves the generative AI model and can help to improve the future versions of this skill. The system gathers the feedback on each generated summary and stores it in the generative AI logs \(sys\_generative\_ai\_log\_list.do\).

</td></tr><tr><td id="d88539e277">

**More information on summary**

</td><td>

If you want to check some details about the summary, select the more info icon \(\[Omitted image "icon-more-information-spm.png"\] Alt text: More information icon.\).

</td></tr><tr><td id="d88539e292">

**Copy the Docs summary**

</td><td>

Select the copy to clipboard icon \(\[Omitted image "icon-copy-spm.png"\] Alt text: Copy to clipboard icon.\) to use the summary information for another purpose, such as pasting it into an email.

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>    \[Omitted image "gen-ai-docs-skill-sp.gif"\] Alt text: Animated tour of Docs Gen AI skill in Strategic Planning.

    **Note:** Because the information in these fields is AI generated, it's a good idea to review the text and make sure it's accurate.

    Only an administrator can activate the Now Assist skills. For more information, see [Configure Now Assist Admin features](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/it-business-management/now-assist-for-strategic-portfolio-management-spm/configuring-na-spm.md).

    The Planning item doc summarization skill checks the doc content to determine if enough information is available to generate a summary. If there isn't enough content to summarize, you can add more content and retry.

    **Note:** The **Summarize** button is visible only if the Planning item doc summarization skill is active. If the selected text exceeds the token limit for Now Assist, the Planning item doc summarization skill can't be executed. If there is more content to summarize, you can remove some content and retry.


**Parent Topic:**[Using Now Assist for Strategic Portfolio Management \(SPM\)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/it-business-management/now-assist-for-strategic-portfolio-management-spm/using-now-assist-for-spm.md)

