---
title: Boolean user input control
description: Use the Boolean user input control in a Virtual Agent topic to present a Yes/No prompt to the user.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/zurich/conversational-interfaces/virtual-agent/va-boolean-user-input.html
release: zurich
product: Virtual Agent
classification: virtual-agent
topic_type: reference
last_updated: "2025-08-06"
reading_time_minutes: 7
keywords: [Virtual Agent, Designer, Boolean, User input, control, node, Yes, No, prompt]
breadcrumb: [Assistant Designer user input controls, Virtual Agent Designer interface reference, Virtual Agent reference, Virtual Agent, Conversational Interfaces]
---

# Boolean user input control

Use the Boolean user input control in a Virtual Agent topic to present a Yes/No prompt to the user.

Boolean user input controls prompt the user to answer a Yes/No question, and store the response as a string with a value of true or false. Use this value in topic utilities, such as the prompted Decision utility, to branch the topic flow based on the answer.

When you place this control on the canvas, a window appears with the header `Add a decision node?` The window message reads `A decision node will be added following this node` and has **No** and **Yes** options. If you select **No**, you must add a Decision utility to complete the Boolean. You can customize the names of the output values on the Decision node. For more information, see [Decision utility](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/conversational-interfaces/virtual-agent/va-decision.md).

## Boolean user input control properties for LLM topic discovery

<table id="table_cxj_5gj_h1c"><thead><tr><th>

Property

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

Node name

</td><td>

Name that identifies this node in the topic flow.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Variable name

</td><td>

Name of the variable that stores the user response to this prompt. The variable name is automatically created from the **Node name** property.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Allow automatic slot-filling

</td><td>

Toggle to allow this node’s value to be automatically set by other nodes, as well as during topic discovery. When this toggle is activated, the Detail description field changes from dynamic Data Pill Picker and script options to a static text field.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Detail description

</td><td>

Description of the information that you need from users. If the **Allow automatic slot filling** toggle is deactivated, you can create a dynamic detail description by selecting the Data Pill Picker icon \[Omitted image "variable-reference-picker.png"\] Alt text: to define conditions, or select the Open Editor icon \[Omitted image "icon-script.png"\] Alt text: to enter a script. If the **Allow automatic slot filling** toggle is activated, you can only enter a static description.

 \[Omitted image "LLM-input-discoverable-toggle.png"\] Alt text: When the Allow automatic slot-filling toggle is inactive, the detail description includes Data Pill Picker and script dynamic options. When the toggle is active, the Detail description field becomes static.

</td></tr><tr><td class="sub-head" colspan="2">

Advanced

</td></tr><tr><td>

Enforce user prompt

</td><td>

Toggle to open a field for a custom message shown to the user instead of the message generated by the large language model \(LLM\). You can create custom messages in plain language, input a script, or define conditions with the data pill picker.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Validation

</td><td>

Add a script to validate the user input. For example, check if the user entered a valid email address.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Additional instructions for LLM

</td><td>

Further instructions to the LLM, such as adding data formats, restrictions, or default values for user responses. You can create additional instructions in plain language, input a script, or define conditions with the data pill picker.

</td></tr><tr><td class="sub-head" colspan="2">

Hide this node

</td></tr><tr><td>

Conditionally show this node if

</td><td>

No-code condition statement or low-code script that specifies a condition for presenting this node in the conversation. The condition must evaluate to true.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Allow user to skip this node if

</td><td>

No-code condition statement or low-code script that specifies a condition for letting users skip this node in the conversation. The condition must evaluate to true. You can set this field using either the condition builder or a script.

 If users enter a value such as `skip this step` when the conditions do not allow skipping, they receive a message saying the node cannot be skipped and are re-prompted to provide an answer.

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>## Example Boolean user input control for LLM topic discovery

**Note:** Virtual Agent Designer controls may display and function differently in other channels.

<table id="table_kml_drq_11c"><thead><tr><th>

Input properties

</th><th>

Input user prompt

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

\[Omitted image "va-boolean-llm-3.png"\] Alt text: All basic Boolean user input fields are openly available. Select any of the advanced options to toggle them open individually.

</td><td>

\[Omitted image "va-boolean-input-slack.png"\] Alt text: An example prompt reads, "Would you like to add a comment?" Answers are Yes and No.

 \[Omitted image "nass-boolean-user-prompt.png"\] Alt text: An example prompt reads, "Would you like to leave a comment?" Answers are Yes and No.

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>## Boolean user input control properties for NLU topic discovery

<table id="table_nff_y1b_3db"><thead><tr><th>

Property

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

Node name

</td><td>

Name that identifies this node in the topic flow.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Variable name

</td><td>

Name of the variable that stores the user response to this prompt. The variable name is automatically created from the **Node name** property.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Prompt

</td><td>

Prompt or question for the user. The prompt can be either a text string or a script that returns text. This value is used only when the default value is not specified. For example: `What's your name?`

</td></tr><tr><td>

NLU entity\[NLU topic discovery only\]

</td><td>

Option to associate an NLU entity with the node. If an NLU entity is associated with the input variable for this node, Virtual Agent can slot-fill the specified value based on the user's utterance. Select an entity from the list of entities associated with the topic intent. When you specify an entity for the node, the Do not ask users to confirm recognized entity toggle switch is displayed. When enabled, users are not prompted to confirm the extracted entity.

</td></tr><tr><td class="sub-head" colspan="2">

Advanced

</td></tr><tr><td class="sub-head" colspan="2">

Default value

</td></tr><tr><td>

Predefine a value for user input

</td><td>

Predefined value for the user response to the question or prompt. The response defined in the **Default value confirmation** field asks the user to confirm the default value. If the user responds with `no`, the value becomes null. The default value can be either a text string or a script that returns text. For example, if you're using dot-walking, the default value might be: `Script Variables > Last username`. Or if you're using a script, the default value might be: `{{vaScripts.lastUsername}}`.

</td></tr><tr><td class="sub-head" colspan="2">

Confirmation messages

</td></tr><tr><td>

Input completion confirmation

</td><td>

Bot response shown to the user when the node interaction is complete. The message can be either a text string or a script that returns text. For example, if you're using dot-walking: `Thanks, (Input Variables > Username)!` Or if you're using a script, the acknowledgement might be: `Thanks, {{vaInputs.username}}!`

</td></tr><tr><td>

Default value confirmation

</td><td>

Message that asks the user to verify that the value in the **Default value** field is correct. This message is used instead of a value in the **Prompt** field. It can contain either a text string or a script that returns text. For example, if you're using dot-walking: `Are you (Input Variables > Username)?` Or if you're using a script, the confirmation message might be: `Are you {{vaScripts.lastUsername}}?`.

</td></tr><tr><td class="sub-head" colspan="2">

Conversation switching

</td></tr><tr><td class="sub-head" colspan="2">

This section is available only when NLU discovery is enabled on the instance.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Turn on to let users change the subject

</td><td>

Option to enable NLU prediction for this node. If enabled, users can enter text to answer questions, regardless of the type of input control being used. Virtual Agent uses this utterance to match another existing intent, letting the user switch topics.

</td></tr><tr><td class="sub-head" colspan="2">

Hide or skip this node

</td></tr><tr><td>

Conditionally show this node if

</td><td>

No-code condition statement or low-code script that specifies a condition for presenting this node in the conversation. The condition must evaluate to true.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Allow user to skip this node if

</td><td>

No-code condition statement or low-code script that specifies a condition for letting users skip this node in the conversation. The condition must evaluate to true. You can set this field using either the condition builder or a script.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Skip reprompting if

</td><td>

No-code condition statement or low-code script that specifies a condition for letting users skip reprompting in the conversation. When a preceding node is revisited through a topic loopback or Dialog Act, the Virtual Agent bypasses this node and automatically retain its original value.

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>## Example Boolean user input control for NLU topic discovery

**Note:** Virtual Agent Designer controls may display and function differently in other channels.

<table id="table_f1f_v2p_xdb"><thead><tr><th>

Input properties

</th><th>

Input prompt

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td rowspan="2">

\[Omitted image "va-boolean-properties.png"\] Alt text: Basic properties include the node name, prompt, and NLU entity.

</td><td>

\[Omitted image "va-boolean-input-web.png"\] Alt text: An example prompt reads, "Would you like to add a comment?" Answers are Yes and No.

</td></tr><tr><td>

\[Omitted image "va-boolean-input-slack.png"\] Alt text: An example prompt reads, "Would you like to add a comment?" Answers are Yes and No.

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>## Channel support

|Channel|LLM support|NLU/keyword support|Constraints|
|-------|-----------|-------------------|-----------|
|Web UI|Not Supported|Supported|None|
|Mobile UI|Not Supported|Supported|None|
|Now Assist panel|Not Supported|Supported|None|
|Microsoft Teams|Supported|Supported|None|
|Slack|Not Supported|Supported|None|
|Workplace|Not Supported|Supported|None|
|Facebook Messenger|Not Supported|Supported|None|
|SMS Twilio|Not Supported|Supported|None|
|LINE|Not Supported|Supported|None|
|WhatsApp \(powered by Twilio\)|Supported|Supported|None|
|WhatsApp|Not Supported|Supported|The prompt or body text has a maximum limit of 1,024 characters.|
|Apple Messages for Business|Not Supported|Supported|None|
|Alexa \(Voice\)|Not Supported|Supported|None|

**Parent Topic:**[Assistant Designer user input controls](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/conversational-interfaces/virtual-agent/va-user-inputs.md)

