---
title: Summarize a security incident with Now Assist for Security Incident Response
description: Understand the context of a security incident with the Security Incident summarization generative AI skill.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/zurich/security-management/now-assist-for-security-incident-response-sir/summarize-security-incident-now-assist-sec-incident.html
release: zurich
product: Now Assist for Security Incident Response \(SIR\)
classification: now-assist-for-security-incident-response-sir
topic_type: task
last_updated: "2025-07-31"
reading_time_minutes: 2
keywords: [Now Assist Security Operations]
breadcrumb: [Use generative AI skills, Now Assist for Security Incident Response, Security Operations]
---

# Summarize a security incident with Now Assist for Security Incident Response

Understand the context of a security incident with the Security Incident summarization generative AI skill.

## Before you begin

You can summarize a security incident in the legacy Core UI \(UI16\) and in the Security Incident Response Workspace. There must be a minimum of 50 words in the fields that are used for the input data to summarize an incident using generative AI. For more information about the input fields, see [Inputs and triggers for Now Assist for Security Incident Response](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/security-management/now-assist-for-security-incident-response-sir/input-triggers-now-assist-security-incident.md).

Roles required: sn\_si.analyst, sn\_si.manager, or sn\_si.basic

## About this task

**Important:** This Now Assist skill is turned on by default. The skill will be automatically available to appropriate role users for the application. For more information, see .

## Procedure

1.  In the legacy Core UI, navigate to **All** &gt; **Security Incident** &gt; **Incidents** and open a security incident that is assigned to you.

2.  Alternatively, navigate to **All** &gt; **Security Incident** &gt; **Security Incident Response Workspace** and open a security incident that is assigned to you.

3.  On the **Overview** tab, select **Summarize**.

    -   The generated summary is displayed in a banner at the top of the security incident record in legacy Core UI16.
    -   The generated summary is displayed on the **Overview** tab in the Security Incident Response Workspace.
4.  Select from the following options after the summary is generated.

    Summaries generated by AI might miss key details. You might prefer to review the summary for accuracy and completeness before you proceed.

<table id="choicetable_n3k_shr_1cc"><thead><tr><th align="left" id="d112067e178">

Option

</th><th align="left" id="d112067e181">

Description

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td id="d112067e187">

**View details about the summary**

</td><td>

Select the information icon \(\[Omitted image "na-sir-info-icon.png"\] Alt text: Information icon\) next to the Security Incident summarized by Now Assist.

</td></tr><tr><td id="d112067e205">

**Save the summary information by adding it to the incident work notes**

</td><td>

1.  Select **Share to work notes**.
2.  Verify the AI-generated content in the modal for accuracy and make any edits.
3.  Select **Save to work notes**.


</td></tr><tr><td id="d112067e232">

**Expand or collapse the summary**

</td><td>

Select the expand icon \(\[Omitted image "icon-expand.png"\] Alt text: Expand icon.\) or collapse icon \(\[Omitted image "icon-collapse.png"\] Alt text: Collapse icon.\) next to **Share to work notes** to expand or collapse the summary.

</td></tr><tr><td id="d112067e256">

**Provide feedback**

</td><td>

Select the helpful icon \(\[Omitted image "icon-helpful.png"\] Alt text: Helpful icon.\) for positive feedback. Select the not helpful icon \(\[Omitted image "icon-not-helpful.png"\] Alt text: Not helpful icon.\) if the summary wasn't helpful. **Note:** Feedback improves the generative AI model and can help to improve future versions of this skill.

</td></tr><tr><td id="d112067e280">

**Copy the summary**

</td><td>

Select the copy icon \(\[Omitted image "icon-copy.png"\] Alt text: Copy icon.\) to copy the summary to the clipboard.

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>
