---
title: Perform a full data load for the air gap solution for Microsoft SCCM
description: After you verify that the test data load for the air gap solution for the Service Graph Connector for Microsoft SCCM is successful, you can perform a full data load.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/servicenow-platform/service-graph-connectors/sgc-sccm-airgap-data-load.html
release: australia
product: Service Graph Connectors
classification: service-graph-connectors
topic_type: task
last_updated: "2026-03-12"
reading_time_minutes: 1
breadcrumb: [Configuring air gap connections, Microsoft SCCM, Service Graph Connectors, Integrating third-party data into CMDB, Configuration Management, Extend ServiceNow AI Platform capabilities]
---

# Perform a full data load for the air gap solution for Microsoft SCCM

After you verify that the test data load for the air gap solution for the Service Graph Connector for Microsoft SCCM is successful, you can perform a full data load.

## Before you begin

Role required: admin

## Procedure

1.  Navigate to the Microsoft SCCM directory in your high-secure server.

2.  Run the `.\GetSCCMData.ps1 -completeLoad $true -configFilePath *CONFIG\_PATH*` script, where *CONFIG\_PATH* is the location of the JSON configuration file that is generated by the setup script.

    By default, the existing files in the data source data directories are deleted each time the `.\GetSCCMData.ps1 -completeLoad $true -configFilePath *CONFIG\_PATH*` script is run. You can add the **-clean $false** parameter to the script if you want to retain the existing files.

    The script fetches data from the Microsoft SCCM DB, and stores the data in the respective `data_source` directories, as defined in the `SgSCCMConfigFile.json` file.

3.  After the data is loaded in your high-secure server, transfer the `data_source` directories and contents to the corresponding directories in your low-secure server using a method of your choice \(such as SFTP or SCP\).

4.  Verify that the data is loaded in your low-secure server.

5.  Set the full data load job \(using the `.\GetSCCMData.ps1 -completeLoad $true -configFilePath *CONFIG\_PATH*` script\) to run on a schedule based on that of the Scheduled Import Job on your Service Graph Connector for Microsoft SCCM instance.

6.  Set the data transfer job \(from your high-secure server to your low-secure server\) on a schedule based on that of the Scheduled Import Job on your Service Graph Connector for Microsoft SCCM instance.

7.  Test the air gap connection in your ServiceNow instance.

    1.  Navigate to **All** &gt; **Service Graph Connectors** &gt; **SCCM** &gt; **Connections**.

    2.  Select the air gap connection that you created.

    3.  Select the **Test Connection** related link.

        When the connection is successful, the **Status** field is set to `Success`. If the connection fails, follow the suggestions for remediation.


