---
title: Zurich Release Notes
locale: en-US
release: zurich
bundle: rn
doc_type: toc
---

# Zurich Release Notes

- [Zurich release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/family-release-notes.md) -- The ServiceNow Zurich release includes new products and applications, as well as additional features and fixes for existing products. Read the release notes to learn about the release, prepare for your upgrade, and upgrade your instance.
  - [Using the release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/rn-getting-started-landing-page.md) -- Learn how to navigate the redesigned release notes and find the information you're looking for.
  - [Build your own release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/rn-features-overview.md) -- Enhance your upgrade experience with configurable release notes that fit your unique upgrade scenario. Assemble product information, fixes included in your targeted release version, and upgrade tasks to streamline your upgrade preparation, even when you skip a family release.
  - [Zurich General Availability release highlights](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/release-highlights.md) -- High-level overview of products and features in the ServiceNow AI Platform Zurich release.
  - [Learn about the Zurich release](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/rn-learn-landing-page.md) -- The Zurich release includes new features and improvements built on the ServiceNow AI Platform.
    - [Release notes for upgrading from Yokohama](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/rn-n-1-landing-page.md) -- When you upgrade from the Yokohama release, understand the fixes in each release version, notable changes for the user interface, browser support, plugin updates, and each feature's upgrade and migration tasks if applicable.
      - [Combined product release notes for upgrades from Yokohama to Zurich](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/zurich-yokohama-combined-release-notes.md) -- To help you upgrade from Yokohama to Zurich, we have combined the cross-family release notes for each product onto one page. Select the products you have to customize the release notes results.
      - [Features and changes by product](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/new-features-changes.md) -- Review the new features and changes in this release by product.
        - [AI Experiences release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/intelligent-experiences-rn-landing.md) -- AI Experiences has new and updated features in the Zurich release.
          - [AI Control Tower release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/ai-control-tower-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow AI Control Tower application provides a centralized workspace for AI stewards to manage and monitor AI within the enterprise. AI Control Tower was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Conversation Insights release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/conversation-insights-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Conversation Insights application delivers Inferred customer satisfaction (CSAT) scores, with underlying factors that improve CSAT actionability. Conversation Insights is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [Conversation Improvement Themes release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/conv-impr-themes-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Conversation Improvement Themes application transforms conversation evaluations from AI Control Tower into long-term performance insights by analyzing conversation quality data over time. Conversation Improvement Themes is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [Document Intelligence release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/document-intelligence-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Document Intelligence application is an artificial intelligence (AI) solution that quickly and accurately categorizes and extracts information from documents. Document Intelligence was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Generative AI Controller release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/generative-ai-controller-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Generative AI Controller application enables you to use generative AI capabilities with third-party large language model (LLM) providers on the ServiceNow AI Platform. Generate and summarize content, analyze user sentiment, and write unique prompts. Generative AI Controller was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Knowledge Graph release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/knowledge-graph-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Knowledge Graph enables you to create and manage a Knowledge Graph schema for default integrations with Virtual Agent. Knowledge Graph was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [MCP Server Console release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/mcp-server-console-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow MCP Server Console application enables secure and governed access to functionality on a ServiceNow instance for AI applications with Model Context Protocol (MCP) servers. MCP servers extend ServiceNow AI Platform functionality into any external MCP client and employee experience over the Model Context Protocol. MCP Server Console is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist AI agents release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-ai-agents-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist AI Agents application provides solutions that can perceive the environment, decide, and proactively act to achieve specific goals without the need for constant human oversight. Now Assist AI Agents was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist in Document Intelligence release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-document-intelligence-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist in Document Intelligence application uses generative AI to extract information from documents, summarize document content, and provide answers to predefined questions. Now Assist in Document Intelligence was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist Skill Kit release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-skill-kit-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist Skill Kit application enables AI developers to create custom skills and to have greater flexibility with the generative AI capabilities of Now Assist. Now Assist Skill Kit was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Predictive Intelligence release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/predictive-intelligence-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Predictive Intelligence application enables you to create and train machine learning models to help improve the performance, efficiency, and flexibility of your systems. Predictive Intelligence was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [ServiceNow AI Lens release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/servicenow-lens-rn.md) -- With ServiceNow AI Lens, which is a ServiceNow Now Assist application, you can use generative AI to scan, extract, comprehend, and synthesize data to optimize your workflows. ServiceNow AI Lens was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [AI Desktop Actions release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/agentic-desktop-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow AI Desktop Actions application enables you to design, configure, and manage desktop actions to automate repetitive tasks. These desktop actions are executed by AI agents created in AI Agent Studio. AI Desktop Actions is a new application in the Zurich release.
        - [API release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/api-rn.md) -- ServiceNow APIs enable you to build custom applications and experiences. APIs were enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
        - [App development and low-code release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/build-automate-rn-landing.md) -- The ServiceNow AI Platform has new and updated automation, as well as and no-code, low-code, and platform developer features in the Zurich release.
          - [App Engine Management Center release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/aemc-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow App Engine Management Center (AEMC) application enables admins to manage app development from intake through production. AEMC was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [App Engine Studio release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/app-engine-studio-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow App Engine Studio application enables creators of varying skill levels to build applications that meet the immediate needs of your organization. App Engine Studio was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Build Agent release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/build-agent-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Build Agent application enables developers to create, edit, and deploy full-stack applications and metadata through a conversational interface. Build Agent was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Classic Workflow release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/classic-workflow-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow classicWorkflow application is a legacy application that provided a drag-and-drop interface for automating multi-step processes across the platform. Workflow was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Creator Studio release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/creator-studio-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Creator Studio product is a guided application development experience that enables business process experts to create request-based applications without the barriers of traditional low-code development. Creator Studio was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Developer Sandboxes release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/developer-sandboxes-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Developer Sandboxes application enables your administrators and delegated developers to request, access, and manage the individual sandboxes on top of the same underlying development instance. Delegated developers can write and merge code and configuration changes without the risk of getting their changes overwritten on the instance mid-development. Developer Sandboxes is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [ERP Semantic Mining release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/erp-customization-mining-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow ERP Semantic Mining product enables you to identify customizations and recommend candidates for replatforming from an ERP system onto the ServiceNow AI Platform. ERP Semantic Mining was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Zero Copy Connector for ERP release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/erp-canvas-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Zero Copy Connector for ERP application enables you to connect to the ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) system of record, query remote tables, and build data models to use ERP data on the ServiceNow AI Platform. Zero Copy Connector for ERP was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Integration Hub release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/integration-hub-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Integration Hub application extends the ServiceNow Workflow Studio automation capabilities by enabling you to integrate your instance data with data in external systems. Integration Hub was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Legacy Studio release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/legacy-servicenow-studio-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Legacy Studio application provides an integrated development environment (IDE)-like interface for application developers to work on custom applications in one centralized location. It offers a simple way to create, review, and update application files from a tabbed environment. This application is currently supported for the Zurich release, but it will be deprecated in a future release.
          - [Next Experience Components](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/component-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Next Experience Components are the components used to build custom user interfaces. Next Experience Components was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Next Experience Developer (NED) Tools release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/ned-tools-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Next Experience Developer Tools application enables you to create the components to track and enhance page performance and improve overall developer productivity. NED Tools was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for App Engine release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-app-engine-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for App Engine application enables creators to enhance custom applications with AI agents and skills that application users can leverage at runtime. Now Assist for App Engine was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Creator release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-creator-rn-2.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Creator application includes generative AI skills that can help you develop on the ServiceNow AI Platform efficiently. Now Assist for Creator was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Performance Analyzer release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/performance-analyzer-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Performance Analyzer application enables you to access page load time data, trends, and waterfall visualizations directly from your instance. It also helps you to identify page performance issues and bottlenecks in UX framework pages independently. Performance Analyzer is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [ReleaseOps release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/release-ops-rn-2.md) -- The ServiceNow ReleaseOps application enables developers to manage deployments using pipelines and the automation power of playbooks to streamline testing, validating, and releasing changes to production. ReleaseOps is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [RPA Hub release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/rpa-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow RPA Hub application enables end-to-end automation for your organization. RPA Hub was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Service Creator release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/service-creator-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Service Creator application enables a department to offer custom services through the service catalog. This application is currently supported for the Zurich release, but it will be deprecated in a future release.
          - [ServiceNow IDE release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/servicenow-ide-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow integrated development environment (IDE) application enables developers to create scoped applications in source code in an IDE based on Visual Studio Code for the Web on the ServiceNow AI Platform. ServiceNow IDE was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [ServiceNow SDK release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/servicenow-sdk-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow software development kit (SDK) enables developers to create scoped applications in source code locally in Visual Studio Code Desktop and upload changes to a ServiceNow instance. ServiceNow SDK was enhanced and updated in the 4.0 release.
          - [ServiceNow Studio release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/servicenow-studio-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Studio application provides a unified experience for all ServiceNow development activities, enabling admins and developers to extend base system solutions and easily create custom apps. ServiceNow Studio was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Table Builder release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/table-builder-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Table Builder application is a centralized way to build tables, forms, and display logic. Table Builder was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [UI Builder release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/ui-builder-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow UI Builder application is a web user interface builder for building pages for Workspaces, as well as custom workspaces or portals with Next Experience Components. UI Builder was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Workflow Data Fabric Hub release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/workflow-data-fabric-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Workflow Data Fabric Hub application unifies data from across the enterprise, providing access to external data in real time without needing to copy it to your instance. Workflow Data Fabric Hub is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [Workflow Studio release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/workflow-studio-rn-landing.md) -- The ServiceNow Workflow Studio application consolidates playbooks, flows, actions, decision tables, and integrations into one design environment. Workflow Studio was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
            - [Flows, subflows, and actions in Workflow Studio release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/flow-designer-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Workflow Studio application enables process analysts to automate work without having to code and to build multiple-step flows from reusable components. Workflow Studio flows, subflows, and actions were enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
            - [Playbooks in Workflow Studio release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/process-automation-designer-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Playbooks builder within the ServiceNow Workflow Studio application enables playbook owners to create multiple-flow processes in a diagram or task board interface. The Playbooks builder was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
        - [Conversational Interfaces release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/conversational-interfaces-rn-landing.md) -- Conversational Interfaces includes enhancements and changes in the Xanadu release.
          - [Agent Chat release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/agent-chat-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Agent Chat application enables agents to interact directly with end users through chat. Agent Chat was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist in Virtual Agent release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-va-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist in Virtual Agent application uses generative AI skills in your conversational experiences. Now Assist in Virtual Agent uses large language models (LLMs) to create a natural-language conversational experience that can improve the success of your self-service workflows. Now Assist in Virtual Agent was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Sidebar release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/sidebar-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Sidebar application enables agents and subject matter experts to collaborate on user issues. Sidebar was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Virtual Agent release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/virtual-agent-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Virtual Agent application provides user assistance through a conversational interface to help users to quickly obtain information and to perform common work tasks. Virtual Agent was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
        - [Customer Service Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/customer-service-mgmt-rn-landing.md) -- The ServiceNow Customer Service Management application has new and updated applications and features in the Zurich release.
          - [Agent experience for CSM release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/customer-service-config-ws-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Agent experience for CSM provides customer service agents with the tools that they need to find, research, and resolve customer issues and questions. Agent experience for CSM was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Case management for CSM release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/customer-service-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Case management for CSM application enables customer service organizations and support teams to collaborate on customer problems proactively to resolve issues. Case management for CSM was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Customer Contracts and Entitlements release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/customer-contracts-entitlements-csm-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Customer Contracts and Entitlements application provides the foundation for storing and managing customer service contracts and entitlements. Customer Contracts and Entitlements was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Data Management for CSM release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/data-management-for-csm-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Data Management for Customer Service Management (CSM) application enables you to organize and manage the data for both your internal users and external customers. Data Management for CSM was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Intelligence for CSM release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/customer-service-ai-ml-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Intelligence for CSM applications enable customer service organizations and service operations to configure and implement Guided Decisions, Recommended Actions, and Task Intelligence features. The Intelligence for CSM applications were enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Customer Service Management (CSM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-csm-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for CSM application brings generative AI to Customer Service Management (CSM). You can help improve productivity and efficiency by delivering enhanced self-service, recommended actions, and suggested answers. Now Assist for CSM was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Self-service and omnichannel](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/customer-self-service-omnichannel-engagement-rn.md) -- With self-service and omnichannel applications in the ServiceNow Customer Service Management (CSM) application, your customers can use chat on self-service portals, consumer messaging apps, email, or phone to connect with your organization. Self-service and omnichannel applications for CSM were enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Workforce Optimization for Customer Service CSM release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/workforce-optimization-csm-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Workforce Optimization for Customer Service application enables you to efficiently route work to your team, manage your team's skills and schedules, and monitor their performance. Workforce Optimization for Customer Service was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
        - [Employee Service Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/employee-service-management-rn-landing.md) -- Employee Service Management has new and updated features in the Zurich release
          - [HR Service Delivery release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/hr-service-delivery-landing.md) -- The ServiceNow HR Service Delivery application improves the employee service experience by automating HR interactions and providing a single platform for all HR services. HR Service Delivery was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
            - [Alumni Center release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/alumni-service-center-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Alumni Center application provides a way to stay connected with former employees and non-employees like volunteers and contractors. Alumni Center was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
            - [Growth Experiences release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/employee-growth-development-landing.md) -- The ServiceNow Growth Experiences suite enables managers and employees to identify and track career growth and development opportunities. It supports career growth through conversations, talking points, and ongoing development tracking. Growth Experiences was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
              - [Career Conversations release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/career-conversations-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Career Conversations application supports career growth through created conversations, talking points, and ongoing development tracking. Career Conversations was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
              - [Mentoring release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/mentoring-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Mentoring application is a platform that connects individuals seeking mentorship with experienced mentors. It creates a seamless experience for both mentees and mentors. Mentoring was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
              - [Skills Foundation release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/skills-intelligence-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Skills Foundation application provides an overview of skills-related data and enables admins to work on Job architecture data from a single location. Skills Foundation was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
            - [Hiring Experiences release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/talent-acquisition-rn-landing.md) -- Hiring Experiences is a suite of applications that offers a flexible and interactive workspace where hiring managers, recruiters, interviewers, and applicants can seamlessly perform their respective hiring tasks. Hiring Experiences has new applications and features in the Zurich release.
              - [Applicant Center release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/applicant-center-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Applicant Center application provides your applicants with a dedicated portal that has a seamless process and supports effective engagement with the stakeholders in the hiring process. Applicant Center is a new application in the Zurich release.
              - [Hiring release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/hiring-tab-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Hiring application in the Manager Hub streamlines the hiring process and enhances collaboration, accountability, and communication for hiring managers. Hiring is a new application in the Zurich release.
              - [Interview management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/interview-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Interview management application streamlines the interview setup and scheduling process by minimizing manual tasks and improving efficiency. Interview management is a new application in the Zurich release.
              - [Recruitment workspace release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/recruiter-workspace-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Recruitment workspace application provides a flexible workspace for you as a recruiter to manage, prioritize, and perform your work. Recruitment workspace is a new application in the Zurich release.
              - [Talent profile release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/talent-profile-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Talent profile application helps you get an aggregated view of different talent types at different touch points in the hiring workflow. Talent profile is a new application in the Zurich release.
            - [HR Multi Instance Integration release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/hr-multi-instance-rn.md) -- The ServiceNowHR Multi Instance Integration centralizes the delivery of HR services in a shared services model, enabling consumers and providers to connect their instances to securely build business workflows across the ServiceNow ecosystem. HR Multi Instance Integration is a new application in the Zurich release.
            - [HR Service Delivery integration with Accurate Background service release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/integration-with-accurate-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow HR Service Delivery integration with Accurate Background service application uses REST services to request background checks through the Accurate Background service. This application is no longer supported starting with the Zurich release.
            - [HR Service Delivery integration with First Advantage service release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/integration-first-advantage-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow HR Service Delivery integration with First Advantage service application uses SOAP services to request background checks through the First Advantage service. This application is no longer supported starting with the Zurich release.
            - [HR Service Delivery integration with Sterling Talent Solutions service release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/integration-with-sterling-talent-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow HR Service Delivery integration with Sterling Talent Solutions service application uses REST services to request background checks through the Sterling Talent Solutions service. This application is no longer supported starting with the Zurich release.
            - [Journey designer release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/jny-dsgnr-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Journey designer application enables managers and employees to create and track journeys. Journeys include transition plans, such as promotions, offboarding, onboarding, and role changes for employees. Journey designer was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
            - [Learning Posts release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/learning-posts-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Learning Posts application enables you to create an omni-channel learning experience for your employees empowering them with the right learning at the right time. This application is no longer supported starting with Zurich release and all Learning Posts capabilities are now integrated within ServiceNow Journey designer.
            - [Lifecycle Events release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/le-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Lifecycle Events application is designed for managing HR cases that are long term in nature. These HR cases include, but aren’t limited to, onboarding, offboarding, parental leave of absence, and performance improvement plans. Lifecycle Events was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
            - [Listening Posts release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/listening-posts-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Listening Posts application enables you to create simple pulse surveys to capture employee touch points, gain insights from employee feedback, and improve overall employee experience. This application is no longer supported starting with the Zurich release.
            - [Now Assist for HR Service Delivery (HRSD) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/hr-na-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for HR Service Delivery (HRSD) application brings generative AI to HR Service Delivery. Summarize case and chat information, and generates reply recommendations so that agents can propose quick resolutions. Now Assist for HRSD was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Contract Management Pro release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/cmpro-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Contract Management Pro solution enables you to set up contract document templates, clauses, and clause variations, and to initiate contract and amendment requests. It also supports Now Assist driven contract analysis and metadata extraction, e-signatures, wet signatures, and external storage systems.Contract Management Pro was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
            - [Now Assist in Contract Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/cmpro-na-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist in Contract Management uses generative AI capabilities to analyze a contract for missing or non-standard clauses and conversational search to query documents using natural language. It also includes agentic AI capabilities that automatically extract metadata and obligations from signed contracts and calculate reminder dates for contract renewals or terminations. Now Assist in Contract Management was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Unified Employee Experience release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/uex-rn-landing.md) -- The Unified Employee Experience has new and updated applications and features in the Zurich release.
            - [Employee Center release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/employee-center-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Employee Center application is a standard multidepartment, dynamic employee portal for unified service delivery and engagement. Employee Center was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
            - [Employee Center Pro release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/employee-center-pro-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Employee Center Pro application provides a central hub for departmental services with unified system access and actionable content experiences. Employee Center Pro was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
            - [Employee Slate release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/employee-slate-rn.md) -- Employee Slate is a new AI-first employee experience that boosts employee productivity, powered by Moveworks or Now Assist.
          - [Legal Service Delivery release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/lsd-rn-landing-page.md) -- The ServiceNow Legal Service Delivery streamlines legal operations by automating request intake, managing legal matters and investigations, and enabling secure collaboration across departments. Legal Service Delivery was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
            - [Contract Management Pro for Legal Service Delivery release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/snlc-cmpro-for-lsd-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Store Contract Management Pro for Legal Service Delivery application enables you to configure and automate the legal contract lifecycle by creating contract document templates, clauses, and clause variations. You can submit, review, finalize, and manage legal contract requests. The application also supports e-signatures and external storage systems. Contract Management Pro for Legal Service Delivery was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
            - [Legal Conflict of Interest release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/lsd-coi-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Legal Conflict of Interest enables you to manage the disclosure, approval, and registry of conflict of interest that might arise from employees having competing interests or loyalties. Legal Conflict of Interest was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
            - [Legal Hold Notification release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/lg-hold-notif-new-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Legal Hold Notification application helps organizations manage their legal obligation to preserve relevant information when a legal hold is issued. It enables you to create legal hold notifications, add custodian details, and send notices to preserve legal hold-related documents. Legal Hold Notification is a new application in the Zurich release.
            - [Legal Matter Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/legal-matter-mgmt-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Legal Matter Management application enables you to complete legal requests that need cross-departmental tasking and provides a workflow with a mechanism to store supporting documents and track important milestones. Legal Matter Management was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
            - [Legal Request Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/legal-request-mgmt-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Legal Request Management application provides a unified mechanism for employees to get all the information, services, and help that they need from the legal department and a streamlined, collaborative process for the legal department to quickly resolve these requests. Legal Request Management was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
            - [Legal Virtual Agent Conversations release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/lsd-virtual-agent-conv-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Legal Virtual Agent Conversations application uses machine-learning algorithms for the predicting Subcategory and Assignment group for legal requests. This application is currently supported for the Zurich release, but it will be deprecated in a future release.
            - [Now Assist for Legal Service Delivery (LSD) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-lsd-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Legal Service Delivery (LSD) application leverages generative AI capabilities to summarize a legal request or legal matter so that you understand the context, refresh the summary, and post the summary to the work notes. This summary helps you to understand the context faster. Now Assist for Legal Service Delivery (LSD) was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
            - [Predictive intelligence for Legal Service Delivery release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/lsd-predictive-intelli-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Predictive Intelligence for Legal Service Delivery uses machine-learning algorithms for predicting subcategory and assignment groups for legal requests. This application is currently supported for the Zurich release, but it will be deprecated in a future release.
          - [Now Assist for Workplace Service Delivery (WSD) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/wsd-na-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Workplace Service Delivery (WSD) application enables workplace agents to summarize case information, generate resolution notes, and summarize the chat information for an interaction. Your workplace agents can review the chat and case context to propose resolutions quickly to your customers. Now Assist for WSD was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
        - [Enterprise Architecture release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/enterprise-architecture-rn-landing.md) -- Enterprise Architecture (formerly Application Portfolio Management) has new and updated features in the Zurich release.
          - [Enterprise Architecture release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/enterprise-architecture-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Enterprise Architecture application unites strategic and operational teams, enabling organizations to achieve their business objectives. Enterprise Architecture was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Enterprise Architecture (EA) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-ea-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Enterprise Architecture (EA) application introduces generative AI skills into the Enterprise Architecture Workspace. Now Assist for Enterprise Architecture (EA) was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
        - [Operational Sustainability Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/esg-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Operational Sustainability Management application helps you to manage all your environmental, social, and governance (ESG) commitments. Operational Sustainability Management was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Operational Sustainability Management Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-esg-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Operational Sustainability Management application brings generative AI to Operational Sustainability Management. Now Assist for Operational Sustainability was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
        - [Field Service Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/field-service-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Field Service Management application unites AI, data, and workflows on a single enterprise-grade platform to revolutionize field operations in completion of any job the first time, every time. Field Service Management was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for FSM release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-fsm-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for FSM application brings generative AI to Field Service Management. Now Assist for FSM was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
        - [Financial Services Operations release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/financial-services-operations-rn-landing.md) -- Financial Services Operations has new and updated features in the Zurich release.
          - [Card data security release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/card-data-security-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Card data security application enables you to tokenize sensitive card data, such as primary account numbers (PANs), in Financial Services Operations dispute workflows. Card data security is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [Dispute Rules Content Pack for Mastercard release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/dispute-rules-content-pack-for-mastercard-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Dispute Rules Content Pack for Mastercard application provides a questionnaire for intake of dispute-related information under various dispute categories per Mastercard guidelines. Dispute Rules Content Pack for Mastercard was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Dispute Rules Content Pack for Nacha release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/dispute-rules-content-pack-for-nacha-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Dispute Rules Content Pack for Nacha application enables receiving depository financial institutions (RDFIs) to access operating guidelines for checking the eligibility of disputed automated clearing house (ACH) transactions. Dispute Rules Content Pack for Nacha is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [Dispute Rules Content Pack for Visa release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/dispute-rules-content-pack-for-visa-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Dispute Rules Content Pack for Visa application provides questionnaires for dispute-related information intake under various dispute categories according to Visa guidelines. Dispute Rules Content Pack for Visa was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Financial Services Card Operations release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/financial-services-card-operations-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Financial Services Card Operations application enables dispute agents to expedite dispute resolutions by providing the required data and improve the overall experience. Financial Services Card Operations was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Financial Services Operations Core release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/financial-services-operations-core-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Financial Services Operations Core application provides a data model that enables financial institutions to create flexible data structures that meet their business needs. Financial Services Operations Core was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Financial Services Operations Integration with Mastercard release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/financial-services-operations-integration-with-mastercard-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Financial Services Operations Integration with Mastercard application enables financial institutions to manage the entire Mastercard dispute process. Financial Services Operations Integration with Mastercard is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [Financial Services Operations Integration with Visa release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/financial-services-operations-integration-with-visa-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Financial Services Operations Integration with Visa application enables easier integration with workflow applications, such as the card operations dispute management playbook with Visa Resolve Online (VROL) subflows. Financial Services Operations Integration with Visa was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Mastercard Spoke release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/mastercard-spoke-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Mastercard Spoke application enables seamless integration with Mastercard’s Mastercom API Suite and Mastercom Extended APIs, enabling organizations to manage the full card dispute life-cycle, including pre-arbitration and arbitration case filings. Mastercard Spoke was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Financial Services Operations (FSO) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-financial-services-operations-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Financial Services Operations (FSO) application brings generative and agentic AI to Financial Services Operations. Features include AI agents, case summarization, disputes intake via Virtual Agent, and support for third-party language models. Now Assist for FSO was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Visa Spoke release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/visa-spoke-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Visa Spoke application enables the ServiceNow AI Platform to connect with the Visa Resolve Online (VROL) API suite and Visa Stop Payment Service (VSPS) APIs, providing seamless access to Visa card, payment, and dispute resolution services. Visa Spoke was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
        - [Governance, Risk, and Compliance release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/grc-rn-landing.md) -- The Governance, Risk, and Compliance application has new and updated features in the Zurich release.
          - [Advanced Risk release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/grc-advanced-risk-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Advanced Risk application enables you to identify, analyze, evaluate, treat, and monitor risks that could impact your organization in achieving its business objectives. Advanced Risk was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Audit Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/grc-audit-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Audit Management application supports activities related to planning audit engagements, implementing engagements, and reporting findings to an audit committee. Audit Management was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [AI Risk and Compliance release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/grc-ai-risk-and-compliance-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow AI Risk and Compliance application helps you to manage your AI capabilities ethically, mitigate AI risks, and ensure compliance. AI Risk and Compliance was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Business Continuity Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/grc-business-continuity-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Business Continuity Management application enables your organization to deliver products and services at an acceptable level during disruptive incidents. Business Continuity Management was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Common Core release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/grc-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Integrated Risk Management (IRM) application enables your organization to continue to provide its business services during adverse operational events, such as a pandemic, extreme weather, or hacking. Integrated Risk Management was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Continuous Authorization and Monitoring release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/grc-continuous-authorization-monitoring-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Continuous Authorization and Monitoring application provides a standardized approach to defining an authorization package and walking through the seven stages of the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Risk Management Framework (RMF). CAM was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Model Risk Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/grc-model-risk-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Model Risk Management application helps to identify, assess, validate, and address model risks throughout their life cycle. Model Risk Management is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [Operational Resilience release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/grc-or-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Operational Resilience application supports organizations to help keep business services running during adverse events like pandemics, severe weather, or cyber attacks. Operational Resilience was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Policy and Compliance Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/grc-policy-compliance-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Policy and Compliance Management application provides a centralized process for creating and managing policies, standards, and internal control procedures that are cross-mapped to external regulations and benchmarks. Policy and Compliance Management was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Privacy Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/grc-privacy-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Privacy Management application enables you to manage your organization's privacy risks and compliance to protect your customers, employees, and suppliers. Privacy Management was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Regulatory Change Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/grc-regulatory-change-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Regulatory Change Management application enables you to check upcoming regulatory changes, assess their impact, and implement risk and compliance-related changes. Regulatory Change Management was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Smart Assessment Engine release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/grc-smart-assessment-engine-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Smart Assessment Engine (SAE) application streamlines assessment creation, distribution, and management. It enables you to create customizable assessment templates with detailed instructions and questions to gather information from assessors. SAE enhances efficiency, helps reduce manual effort, and provides valuable insights for informed decision making. SAE was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Third-party Risk Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/grc-tprm-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Third-party Risk Management (TPRM) application provides a centralized process for managing your portfolio of third parties and their engagements, assessing and scoring risk, and performing remediation. TPRM was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
            - [Third-party Risk Management upgrade information](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/grc-tprm-upgrade-info.md) -- ServiceNow Third-party Risk Management application upgrade information for the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Integrated Risk Management (IRM)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-irm-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Integrated Risk Management (IRM) application brings generative AI to Governance, Risk, and Compliance. Now Assist for Integrated Risk Management (IRM) was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Third-party Risk Management (TPRM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-tprm-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for TPRM application brings generative AI to Third-party Risk Management. Now Assist for Third-party Risk Management (TPRM) is a new application in the Zurich release.
        - [Healthcare and Life Sciences release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/healthcare-life-sciences-rn-landing.md) -- Healthcare and Life Sciences has new and updated features in the Zurich release.
          - [Care Team Mobile release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/cto-mobile-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Care Team Mobile application enables care teams to create and view shared support requests from the convenience of their mobile devices. Care Team Mobile is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [Care Team Operations for Biomed release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/cto-biomed-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Care Team Operations for Biomed application contains the case types to report and fulfill healthcare biomedical issues. Care Team Operations for Biomed was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Care Team Operations for Environmental Services release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/cto-evs-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Care Team Operations for Environmental Services application contains case types to report and fulfill facilities issues as part of Healthcare Operations. Care Team Operations for Environmental Services is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [Care Team Operations for Facilities release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/cto-facilities-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Care Team Operations for Facilities application contains the case types to report and fulfill facilities issues as a part of Healthcare Operations. Care Team Operations for Facilities is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [Care Team Operations for Healthcare IT release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/cto-healthcare-it-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Care Team Operations for Healthcare IT application contains the case types to report and fulfill healthcare IT issues. Care Team Operations for Healthcare IT was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Healthcare Operations Core release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/hco-core-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Healthcare Operations Core application streamlines and optimizes healthcare team operational tasks. Healthcare Operations Core was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
        - [Impact release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/impact-rn.md) -- ServiceNow Impact is built on the Impact AI Platform and combines customized service with a digital interface to provide tailored recommendations and guidance. Impact was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
        - [IT Asset Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/it-asset-management-rn-landing.md) -- IT Asset Management has new and updated features in the Zurich release
          - [Asset Audit Response release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/asset-audit-response-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Asset Audit Response application provides workspaces where asset managers can manage their regulatory audits, request evidence for these audits, respond to these requests through a guided experience, and access regulatory content data to help drive more efficient and accurate responses to these requests. Asset Audit Response is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [Cloud Cost Management 9.0 release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/cloud-cost-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Cloud Cost Management application (formerly known as ServiceNow Cloud Insights) helps you to analyze the cloud resource costs so that you can identify and act on opportunities to save money and optimize the operations of your organization. Cloud Cost Management was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Enterprise Asset Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/enterprise-asset-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Enterprise Asset Management application manages the entire life cycle of your enterprise's connected and non-connected assets, which enables you to maintain and maximize the life of your assets while minimizing any costly downtimes. Enterprise Asset Management was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Hardware Asset Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/hardware-asset-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Hardware Asset Management application provides advanced workflow, automation, and mobile capabilities to track and manage your technology asset environment. Hardware Asset Management was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release. This release notes includes Hardware Asset Management version 13.0.0 and 14.0.0 updates.
          - [Software Asset Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/software-asset-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Software Asset Management application systematically tracks, evaluates, and manages the cost, utilization, compliance, and optimization for software and SaaS applications. Software Asset Management was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Hardware Asset Management (HAM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-ham-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Hardware Asset Management (HAM) application brings agentic AI to Hardware Asset Management. Now Assist for HAM was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Software Asset Management (SAM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-sam-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Software Asset Management (SAM) application brings generative AI to IT Asset Management. Now Assist for SAM was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
        - [IT Operations Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/it-operations-management-rn-landing.md) -- IT Operations Management has new and updated features in the Zurich release.
          - [ITOM Cloud Accelerate release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/itom-cloud-accelerate-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow ITOM Cloud Accelerate provides workflows to govern the provisioning and management of your cloud and on-premise virtual infrastructure. It leverages ServiceNow Orchestration and integrations with automation tools such as Ansible, Azure DevOps, and Terraform. ITOM Cloud Accelerate was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [ITOM AIOps release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/itom-health-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow ITOM AIOps product helps you to keep track and maintain the health of the services in your organization. ITOM AIOps was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
            - [Agent Client Collector release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/agent-client-collector-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Agent Client Collector application enables you to monitor the service availability, performance, and infrastructure of your system. Agent Client Collector was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
            - [Event Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/event-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Event Management application helps you to identify health issues across the datacenter on a single management console. Event Management was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
            - [Health Log Analytics release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/health-log-analytics-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Health Log Analytics application helps you predict IT issues before they impact users by ingesting, analyzing, and correlating machine-generated log data in real time. When Health Log Analytics detects a deviation from a normal pattern, it alerts you of a possible issue. Health Log Analytics was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
            - [Service Observability release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/service-observability-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Service Observability application helps operations teams triage and manage incidents in a complex and distributed production system. Service Observability combines telemetry and platform insights from multiple observability tools into a single workflow in the Service Operations Workspace (SOW). Service Observability was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
            - [Service Reliability Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/service-reliability-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Service Reliability Management (SRM) application helps your organization respond, collaborate, track, and self-remediate when working on alerts and incidents. SRM was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
            - [Synthetic monitoring release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/synthetic-monitoring-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow synthetic monitoring application in the Service Operations Workspace (SOW) empowers organizations to proactively manage and enhance the performance and availability of critical service endpoints. By simulating user transactions on HTTP endpoints, this solution identifies performance bottlenecks, helps ensure up-time, and optimizes user experiences. Synthetic monitoring was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [ITOM Visibility release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/itom-visibility-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow ITOM Visibility application provides a unified, connected view of your entire IT infrastructure and the services that it supports. ITOM Visibility was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for IT Operations Management (ITOM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-itom-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for ITOM application brings generative AI to ITOM. Now Assist for ITOM was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
        - [IT Service Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/it-service-management-rn-landing.md) -- IT Service Management has new and updated features in the Zurich release.
          - [Change Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/change-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Change Management application provides a systematic approach to control the life cycle of all changes, facilitating beneficial changes to be made with minimum disruption to IT services. Change Management was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Continual Improvement Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/continual-improvement-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Continual Improvement Management application enables organizations to plan and implement service, process, and function improvements proactively. Continual Improvement Management was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [DevOps Change Velocity release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/devops-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow DevOps Change Velocity application improves visibility into your DevOps data in a single system, automates and accelerates change processes, and helps you gain insights to measure the performance of your DevOps environment. DevOps Change Velocity was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Digital End-User Experience release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/digital-end-user-experience-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Digital End-User Experience (DEX) application is a cloud-based tool providing IT with comprehensive visibility and monitoring for user applications, networks, and devices. The DEX suite helps you resolve device and application issues proactively and provides easy access to self-service options. DEX was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Digital Portfolio Management (DPM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/digital-portfolio-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Digital Portfolio Management (DPM) enables you to view and manage the full life cycle of your services and applications. DPM was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Incident Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/incident-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Incident Management application facilitates you to restore normal service operations while minimizing the impact to business operations and maintaining quality. Incident Management was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for IT Service Management (ITSM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-itsm-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for IT Service Management (ITSM) application brings agentic AI to IT Service Management. Now Assist for IT Service Management (ITSM) was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [On-Call Scheduling release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/on-call-scheduling-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow On-Call Scheduling application helps you verify that dedicated support team members are available to resolve issues when they occur. On-Call Scheduling was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Request Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/request-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Request Management application enables catalog items to be requested and fulfilled based on defined flows. Request Management was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Service Level Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/service-level-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Service Level Management application helps to gather service requirements, and monitor and report the quality and speed of the services provided. Service Level Management was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Service Operations Workspace for ITSM release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/service-operations-workspace-itsm-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Service Operations Workspace application is a configurable workspace that provides a unified agent experience for multiple IT Service Management and IT Operations Management capabilities. Service Operations Workspace for IT Service Management was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Service Portfolio Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/service-portfolio-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Service Portfolio Management application enables you to plan, design, build, and implement your services, service offerings, and service portfolios. Service Portfolio Management was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Walk-up Experience release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/walkup-experience-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Walk-up Experience application enables you to create and manage an on-site support channel. Walk-up Experience was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
        - [Manufacturing Commercial Operations release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/manufacturing-commercial-operations-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Manufacturing Commercial Operations application enables manufacturers, agents, and Dealers (internal and channel partners) to connect and track services and manage recall and sales promotion campaigns. Manufacturing Commercial Operations is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Manufacturing Commercial Operations (MCO) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-mco-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Manufacturing Commercial Operations (MCO) application brings platform AI capabilities to Manufacturing Commercial Operations. Now Assist for MCO is a new application in the Zurich release.
        - [Mobile Platform release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/mobile-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Mobile Platform application enables you to access your ServiceNow instance from anywhere. Mobile Platform was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
        - [Now Assist and agentic AI release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-rn-landing.md) -- Now Assist and agentic AI product enhancements and updates in the Zurich release.
          - [AI Desktop Actions release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/agentic-desktop-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow AI Desktop Actions application enables you to design, configure, and manage desktop actions to automate repetitive tasks. These desktop actions are executed by AI agents created in AI Agent Studio. AI Desktop Actions is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [AI Control Tower release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/ai-control-tower-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow AI Control Tower application provides a centralized workspace for AI stewards to manage and monitor AI within the enterprise. AI Control Tower was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [AIOps LEAP release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/aiops-leap-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow AIOps LEAP application uses AI-driven insights to create automation and resolve high impact issues for quick incident resolution management. AIOps LEAP was enhanced to support additional large language models (LLMs) in the Zurich release.
          - [Generative AI Controller release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/generative-ai-controller-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Generative AI Controller application enables you to use generative AI capabilities with third-party large language model (LLM) providers on the ServiceNow AI Platform. Generate and summarize content, analyze user sentiment, and write unique prompts. Generative AI Controller was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Knowledge Graph release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/knowledge-graph-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Knowledge Graph enables you to create and manage a Knowledge Graph schema for default integrations with Virtual Agent. Knowledge Graph was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist experience brings generative AI to your organization. You can improve productivity and efficiency by delivering better self-service, recommending actions, delivering answers, and providing your users with AI Search. Now Assist was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist AI agents release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-ai-agents-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist AI Agents application provides solutions that can perceive the environment, decide, and proactively act to achieve specific goals without the need for constant human oversight. Now Assist AI Agents was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for App Engine release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-app-engine-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for App Engine application enables creators to enhance custom applications with AI agents and skills that application users can leverage at runtime. Now Assist for App Engine was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Enterprise Architecture (EA) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-ea-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Enterprise Architecture (EA) application introduces generative AI skills into the Enterprise Architecture Workspace. Now Assist for Enterprise Architecture (EA) was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for CMDB release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-cmdb-rn.md) -- The Now Assist for CMDB application enables you to improve the quality of CMDB data, search the CMDB quickly, find and remedy issues with Service Graph Connector import sets, view comprehensive summaries for configuration items (CIs), accelerate the process of remediating duplicate CIs, and manually create CIs. Now Assist for CMDB was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Collaborative Work Management (CWM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-collaborative-work-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Collaborative Work Management (CWM) application uses generative AI skills to improve the time to value for tasks you perform in CWM. Now Assist for CWM is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Creator release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-creator-rn-2.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Creator application includes generative AI skills that can help you develop on the ServiceNow AI Platform efficiently. Now Assist for Creator was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Customer Service Management (CSM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-csm-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for CSM application brings generative AI to Customer Service Management (CSM). You can help improve productivity and efficiency by delivering enhanced self-service, recommended actions, and suggested answers. Now Assist for CSM was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Enterprise Architecture (EA) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-ea-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Enterprise Architecture (EA) application introduces generative AI skills into the Enterprise Architecture Workspace. Now Assist for Enterprise Architecture (EA) was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Operational Sustainability Management Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-esg-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Operational Sustainability Management application brings generative AI to Operational Sustainability Management. Now Assist for Operational Sustainability was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Financial Services Operations (FSO) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-financial-services-operations-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Financial Services Operations (FSO) application brings generative and agentic AI to Financial Services Operations. Features include AI agents, case summarization, disputes intake via Virtual Agent, and support for third-party language models. Now Assist for FSO was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for FSM release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-fsm-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for FSM application brings generative AI to Field Service Management. Now Assist for FSM was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Hardware Asset Management (HAM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-ham-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Hardware Asset Management (HAM) application brings agentic AI to Hardware Asset Management. Now Assist for HAM was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Integrated Risk Management (IRM)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-irm-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Integrated Risk Management (IRM) application brings generative AI to Governance, Risk, and Compliance. Now Assist for Integrated Risk Management (IRM) was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for HR Service Delivery (HRSD) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/hr-na-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for HR Service Delivery (HRSD) application brings generative AI to HR Service Delivery. Summarize case and chat information, and generates reply recommendations so that agents can propose quick resolutions. Now Assist for HRSD was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for IT Operations Management (ITOM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-itom-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for ITOM application brings generative AI to ITOM. Now Assist for ITOM was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for IT Service Management (ITSM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-itsm-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for IT Service Management (ITSM) application brings agentic AI to IT Service Management. Now Assist for IT Service Management (ITSM) was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Legal Service Delivery (LSD) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-lsd-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Legal Service Delivery (LSD) application leverages generative AI capabilities to summarize a legal request or legal matter so that you understand the context, refresh the summary, and post the summary to the work notes. This summary helps you to understand the context faster. Now Assist for Legal Service Delivery (LSD) was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Manufacturing Commercial Operations (MCO) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-mco-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Manufacturing Commercial Operations (MCO) application brings platform AI capabilities to Manufacturing Commercial Operations. Now Assist for MCO is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Operational Technology Manager (OTM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-otm-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Operational Technology Manager (OTM) application helps streamline processes in the Industrial Workspace related to your Operational Technology (OT) device data. Now Assist for Operational Technology Manager (OTM) is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Order Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-order-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Order Management application brings platform AI capabilities to Sales Customer Relationship Management. Now Assist for Order Management is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Retail Service Management (RSM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-retail-service-management-na-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Retail Service Management (RSM) application supports retail personas in efficiently managing and resolving cases. Now Assist for RSM is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Sales Force Automation (SFA) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-sales-and-order-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Sales Force Automation (SFA) application brings platform AI capabilities to Sales Customer Relationship Management. Now Assist for SFA is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Sales CRM for Telecommunications release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-somt-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Sales CRM for Telecommunications application enriches purpose-built industry workflows with generative AI to supercharge insights, actions, and self-service experiences. Now Assist for Sales CRM for Telecommunications is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Security Incident Response (SIR) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/secops-now-assist-security-operations-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Security Incident Response application helps your security analysts resolve security incidents autonomously with intelligent workflows and generative AI skills. Now Assist for Security Incident Response was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Software Asset Management (SAM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-sam-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Software Asset Management (SAM) application brings generative AI to IT Asset Management. Now Assist for SAM was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Source-to-Pay Operations release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-source-to-pay-operations-rn.md) -- The Now Assist for Source-to-Pay Operations application includes improved AI search, enhanced AI agents, and Summarization skills for fulfillers on the ServiceNow AI Platform. The Now Assist for Source-to-Pay Operations were updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Strategic Portfolio Management (SPM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-spm-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Strategic Portfolio Management (SPM) application introduces generative AI skills into Strategic Portfolio Management. You can summarize feedback or content in Docs, create stories for epics, generate project insights, create demands through conversations, and quickly gain updates into projects. Now Assist for Strategic Portfolio Management (SPM) was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Telecommunications, Media and Technology (TMT) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-tmt-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Telecommunications, Media and Technology (TMT) application enriches purpose-built industry workflows with generative AI to supercharge insights, actions, and self-service experiences. Now Assist for Telecommunications, Media and Technology (TMT) was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Third-party Risk Management (TPRM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-tprm-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for TPRM application brings generative AI to Third-party Risk Management. Now Assist for Third-party Risk Management (TPRM) is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Workplace Service Delivery (WSD) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/wsd-na-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Workplace Service Delivery (WSD) application enables workplace agents to summarize case information, generate resolution notes, and summarize the chat information for an interaction. Your workplace agents can review the chat and case context to propose resolutions quickly to your customers. Now Assist for WSD was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist in AI Search release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-ai-search-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist in AI Search application combines the power of search with the Now LLM Service agentic AI model to provide actionable AI-generated or AI-selected answers in user searches. Now Assist in AI Search was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist in Contract Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/cmpro-na-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist in Contract Management uses generative AI capabilities to analyze a contract for missing or non-standard clauses and conversational search to query documents using natural language. It also includes agentic AI capabilities that automatically extract metadata and obligations from signed contracts and calculate reminder dates for contract renewals or terminations. Now Assist in Contract Management was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist in Document Intelligence release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-document-intelligence-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist in Document Intelligence application uses generative AI to extract information from documents, summarize document content, and provide answers to predefined questions. Now Assist in Document Intelligence was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist in Platform Analytics release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-platform-analytics-rn.md) -- Now Assist for Platform Analytics consists of several skills and applications that let you generate and work with Platform Analytics objects through Generative AI. These skills let you analyze your business data through conversational interactions, without a technical knowledge of Platform Analytics.
          - [Now Assist in Virtual Agent release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-va-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist in Virtual Agent application uses generative AI skills in your conversational experiences. Now Assist in Virtual Agent uses large language models (LLMs) to create a natural-language conversational experience that can improve the success of your self-service workflows. Now Assist in Virtual Agent was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Vulnerability Response release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/secops-now-assist-vulnerability-response-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Vulnerability Response application can help your vulnerability analysts and remediation owners track, monitor, and remediate vulnerable items autonomously with intelligent workflows and generative AI skills. Now Assist for Vulnerability Response was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist Skill Kit release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-skill-kit-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist Skill Kit application enables AI developers to create custom skills and to have greater flexibility with the generative AI capabilities of Now Assist. Now Assist Skill Kit was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [ServiceNow AI Lens release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/servicenow-lens-rn.md) -- With ServiceNow AI Lens, which is a ServiceNow Now Assist application, you can use generative AI to scan, extract, comprehend, and synthesize data to optimize your workflows. ServiceNow AI Lens was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
        - [Operational Technology release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/operational-technology-rn-landing.md) -- Operational Technology has new and updated features in the Zurich release.
          - [Industrial Process Manager release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/industrial-process-manager-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Industrial Process Manager application enables your teams to map and visualize the industrial equipment models and associated production processes at individual facilities. Industrial Process Manager was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Operational Technology Manager (OTM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-otm-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Operational Technology Manager (OTM) application helps streamline processes in the Industrial Workspace related to your Operational Technology (OT) device data. Now Assist for Operational Technology Manager (OTM) is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Operational Technology Service Management (OTSM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-operational-technology-service-management-otsm-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Operational Technology Service Management (OTSM) application enables you to summarize Operational Technology (OT) incident information and generate incident resolution notes. Now Assist for OTSM is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [Operational Technology Incident Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/operational-technology-incident-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Operational Technology Incident Management application enables engineers to resolve Operational Technology (OT) device and production process issues. Operational Technology Incident Management was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Operational Technology Manager release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/operational-technology-manager-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Operational Technology Manager application enables you to aggregate Operational Technology device data from multiple sources so you can build foundational data relationships in the Industrial solution. Operational Technology Manager was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Operational Technology Vulnerability Response release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/operational-technology-vulnerability-response-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Operational Technology Vulnerability Response (OTVR) application enables you to prioritize Operational Technology (OT) vulnerabilities at a site level. Operational Technology Vulnerability Response was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Recommended Actions for Operational Technology Service Management (OTSM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/recommended-actions-for-operational-technology-service-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Recommended Actions for Operational Technology Service Management (OTSM) allows you to set up and apply real-time actionable recommendations for speeding up the triage process and resolving issues quickly across various records in the Industrial Workspace, including Operational Technology (OT) incidents. Recommended Actions for OTSM is a new feature in the Zurich release.
          - [Service Graph Connector for Microsoft Defender for IoT (Azure) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/service-graph-connector-for-microsoft-defender-for-iot-azure-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Service Graph Connector for Microsoft Defender for IoT (Azure) application automates the import of devices and sensor appliances. Service Graph Connector for Microsoft Defender for IoT (Azure) was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
        - [Platform Analytics release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/analytics-intel-report-rn-landing.md) -- Platform Analytics has new and updated features in the Zurich release.
          - [Automation Discovery release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/automation-discovery-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Automation Discovery application helps you identify automation opportunities for your workflows. This product is deprecated with the Zurich release. New installations are no longer available. Existing installations continue to be supported for Zurich, but support will be withdrawn in a future release.
          - [Now Assist in Platform Analytics release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-platform-analytics-rn.md) -- Now Assist for Platform Analytics consists of several skills and applications that let you generate and work with Platform Analytics objects through Generative AI. These skills let you analyze your business data through conversational interactions, without a technical knowledge of Platform Analytics.
          - [Performance Analytics release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/performance-analytics-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow   Performance Analytics application is an in-platform process optimization solution. It enables  organizations to set, track, and analyze progress toward goals. Performance Analytics was enhanced  and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Platform Analytics experience release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/platform-analytics-experience-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Platform Analytics experience provides a single center for consuming the data from all Platform Analytics products. The Platform Analytics experience was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Process Mining release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/process-optimization-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Process Mining application enables analysts and process owners to view their business processes, analyze them, and make decisions that improve their processes. Process Mining was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Usage Insights release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/user-experience-analytics-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Usage Insights application enables you to monitor usage analytics of ServiceNow Next Experience web applications as well as ServiceNow Virtual Agent, ServiceNow ServiceNow mobile, and ServiceNow Service Portal applications. Usage Insights was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
        - [Public Sector Digital Services release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/public-sector-digital-services-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Public Sector Digital Services application enables government agencies to provide citizens, businesses, and other agencies with important services such as public records, licenses, permits, and social services. Public Sector Digital Services was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
        - [Retail applications release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/retail-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow retail applications optimize operations efficiently at retail locations. Retail applications were enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Retail Service Management (RSM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-retail-service-management-na-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Retail Service Management (RSM) application supports retail personas in efficiently managing and resolving cases. Now Assist for RSM is a new application in the Zurich release.
        - [Sales Customer Relationship Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/sales-order-management-rn-landing.md) -- ServiceNow Sales Customer Relationship Management is a set of new and updated applications and features in the Zurich release. These applications enable you to manage the product sales life cycle in your organization, including leads, pre-sales opportunities, sales quote generation, order capture, order fulfillment, and post-sales order changes and renewals.
          - [CPQ Configurator release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/servicenow-cpq-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow CPQ Configurator interface streamlines the configuration and pricing of customizable products that are added to opportunities, quotes, and orders. It also supports product configuration when modifying sold products and contracts. CPQ Configurator is a new feature in the Zurich release.
          - [Customer Engagement Sequences release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/customer-engagement-sequences-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Customer Engagement Sequences application enables customer-focused teams to execute structured, personalized outreach and follow-up activities to engage customers throughout the time they’re associated with your business. Customer Engagement Sequences is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [Customer self-service for Sales Customer Relationship Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/customer-self-service-som-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Business Portal is a self-service web portal that supports your B2B customers by providing integrated access to knowledge articles, community forums, service catalogs, and chatbots. Business Portal was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Lead-to-Cash Process Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/lead-cash-process-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Lead-to-Cash Process Management application provides sales managers and contract administrators with a real-time, consolidated view of critical sales data, activities, and status related to sales entities such as opportunities, quotes, and orders. Lead-to-Cash Process Management is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for CPQ release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-cpq-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for CPQ application brings platform AI capabilities to Sales and Order Management. Now Assist for CPQ is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Order Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-order-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Order Management application brings platform AI capabilities to Sales Customer Relationship Management. Now Assist for Order Management is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Sales Force Automation (SFA) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-sales-and-order-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Sales Force Automation (SFA) application brings platform AI capabilities to Sales Customer Relationship Management. Now Assist for SFA is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [Opportunity Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/opportunity-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Opportunity Management application enables your sales agents and account executives to create and manage opportunities. These opportunities identify and track potential sales based on identified customer needs. ServiceNow Opportunity Management is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [Order Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/order-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Order Management application enables you to capture, manage, and fulfill product and service orders from enterprise customers. Order Management was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Partner Relationship Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/partner-relationship-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Partner Relationship Management application provides a unified workspace for sales, delivery, marketing, and operations to help you manage the entire partner life cycle. Partner Relationship Management is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [Product Catalog Management and Pricing Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/product-catalog-pricing-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Sales Customer Relationship Management applications include the ServiceNow Product Catalog Management and ServiceNow Pricing Management features, which enable you to create and manage the product offerings, catalogs, pricing, and discounting strategies used in your organization. These foundational features were enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Quote Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/quote-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Quote Management application enables your sales agents to generate and manage sales quotes for your customers. Quote Management was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Return Merchandise Authorization release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/return-merchandise-authorization-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow RMA Case Management application enables customers to create cases for install base item. It offers simplified processes, decreased turnaround time, and a unified workflow. RMA Case Management is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [Sales Forecasting release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/sales-forecasting-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Sales Forecasting application enables you to project your future sales and revenue based on data from an opportunity pipeline. Sales Forecasting was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Sales Territory Management​ release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/sales-territory-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Sales Territory Management​ application structures and optimizes the sales efforts of your organization based on territories. It involves overseeing daily sales activities, adjusting team assignments to verify complete customer coverage, monitoring sales performance against goals, and updating territory assignments as markets change. Sales Territory Management​ is a new application in the Zurich Patch 3 release.
        - [Security Operations release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/security-operations-rn-landing.md) -- Security Operations has new and updated features in the Zurich release.
          - [Application Vulnerability Response release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/secops-app-vuln-resp-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Application Vulnerability Response application brings security and IT together to enable you to remediate your most critical vulnerabilities more quickly and efficiently. Application Vulnerability Response was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Cloud Exposure View release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/secops-vr-cs-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Cloud Exposure View is a module that is supported by Unified Security Exposure Management. The Cloud Exposure View module provides a single location for cloud security teams to monitor and act on all their cloud-related security findings from multiple vendors across their cloud environments. The Cloud Exposure View is new in the Zurich release.
          - [Configuration Compliance release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/secops-cc-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Configuration Compliance application enables you to prioritize and remediate the most critical configuration-related vulnerabilities in your environment quickly and efficiently. Configuration Compliance was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Container Vulnerability Response release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/secops-container-vuln-resp-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Container Vulnerability Response application brings security and IT together to enable you to remediate your most critical vulnerabilities more quickly and efficiently. Container Vulnerability Response was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Data Loss Prevention Incident Response release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/secops-dlp-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Data Loss Prevention Incident Response application helps you to manage sensitive information for your customers such as financial and proprietary data, health records, or Social Security numbers. Data Loss Prevention Incident Response was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Security Incident Response (SIR) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/secops-now-assist-security-operations-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Security Incident Response application helps your security analysts resolve security incidents autonomously with intelligent workflows and generative AI skills. Now Assist for Security Incident Response was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Vulnerability Response release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/secops-now-assist-vulnerability-response-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Vulnerability Response application can help your vulnerability analysts and remediation owners track, monitor, and remediate vulnerable items autonomously with intelligent workflows and generative AI skills. Now Assist for Vulnerability Response was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Security Incident Response release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/secops-sir-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Security Incident Response (SIR) application helps your organization connect security and IT teams, respond faster and efficiently to threats, and gain insight into your organization's security posture. Security Incident Response was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Security Posture Control release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/secops-security-posture-control-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Security Posture Control application provides cybersecurity teams with visibility into security tool coverage gaps and deviations from security tool configuration for their enterprise assets. Security Posture Control was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Threat Intelligence Security Center release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/secops-tisc-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Threat Intelligence Security Center application enables your organization to connect security and IT teams so you can respond faster and more efficiently to threats. Threat Intelligence Security Center was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Unified Security Exposure Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/secops-sem-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Unified Security Exposure Management application enhances exposure management with role-based views, enabling faster decision-making, efficient task handling, and streamlined approvals. It centralizes workflows, improves visibility across exposures, and enforces governance through configurable rules. With consistent navigation and integrated configuration, USEM boosts productivity, collaboration, and control across security operations, delivering a unified experience for exposures across assets. Unified Security Exposure Management is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [Vulnerability Response release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/secops-vuln-resp-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Vulnerability Response application brings security and IT together to enable you to remediate your most critical vulnerabilities more quickly and efficiently. Vulnerability Response was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
        - [ServiceNow AI Platform administration release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-platform-admin-rn-landing.md) -- ServiceNow AI Platform administration product enhancements and updates in the Zurich release.
          - [Advanced AI Search Management Tools release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/advanced-ais-mgmt-tools-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Advanced AI Search Management Tools application helps AI Search administrators analyze search query traffic trends, review indexed record and configuration settings, and preview search query results. Advanced AI Search Management Tools was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [AI Search release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/ai-search-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow AI Search application provides a consumer-grade search experience for ServiceNow AI Platform users. AI Search was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Application Manager release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/application-manager-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Application Manager enables you to install, update, and manage licensed applications and plugins for your instance. Application Manager was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Clone Admin Console release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/clone-admin-console-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Clone Admin Console application enables you to clone data between instances. Within this console, you can find your existing clone profiles, exclusions, preservers, and scripts. Clone Admin Console was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Data Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/data-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Data Management capabilities enable you to manage the growth of data in your instance. Data Management capabilities were enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Dynamic Translation release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/dynamic-translation-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Dynamic Translation application enables translation of user-generated text by using third-party translation service providers. Dynamic Translation was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [External Content Connectors release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/external-content-connectors-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow External Content Connectors application enables AI Search applications to search content and metadata from supported external source systems, such as Atlassian Confluence Cloud and Microsoft SharePoint Online. External Content Connectors was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Instance Scan release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/instance-scan-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Instance Scan engine is used to interrogate your instance for configurations that indicate health issues and identify opportunities to address ideal configurations. Instance Scan was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Legacy Application Manager release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/legacy-application-manager-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Legacy Application Manager application enables administrators to install and manage applications. This application is deprecated as of Zurich patch 8.
          - [Localization Workspace release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/localization-workspace-rn.md) -- ServiceNowLocalization Workspace is a targeted translation management experience for content owners and translation fulfillers that you can use to manage and deliver multilingual content at scale. Localization Workspace was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Notifications release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/notifications-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Notifications application enables you to create, manage, and send custom notifications in workflows for important events, actions, and alerts. Notifications was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [ServiceNow AI Platform core feature release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/core-platform-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow AI Platform core features provide configurations for applications and other parts of the ServiceNow AI Platform. The ServiceNow AI Platform core features were enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Subscription Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/subscription-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Subscription Management application enables you to manage your subscriptions proactively and monitor subscription usage on your instances. Subscription Management was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Upgrade Console release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/upgrade-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Upgrade Console application guides you for a comprehensive and efficient upgrade experience. Upgrade Console was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [SQL API Release Notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/sql-api-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow SQL API enables RaptorDB Pro users to bring their Business Intelligence (BI) tools to ServiceNow. Users can perform BI analytics on their ServiceNow data without mass data export. SQL API is only available with RaptorDB Pro.
        - [ServiceNow AI Platform security release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-platform-security-rn-landing.md) -- ServiceNow AI Platform security product enhancements and updates in the Zurich release.
          - [Access Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/access-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Access Management application provides robust tools to manage security data on the ServiceNow AI Platform. Access Management includes many controls, such as access control lists (ACLs), security attributes, contextual security manager, and data filtration. These controls provide granular control and help improve security for managing data access. Access Management is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [Authentication release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/authentication-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Authentication application supports many authentication mechanisms that enable you to validate the identity of users. Authentication was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Code Signing release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/code-signing-rn.md) -- The Code Signing (CS) application validates scripts and code that runs on your instance. Code Signing was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Data Privacy release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/data-privacy-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Data Privacy application enables you to classify sensitive data, remove personally identifiable information (PII) from user data in a production instance, and anonymize data in production and non-production instances. Data Privacy was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Domain Separation release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/domain-separation-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Domain Separation application enables you to separate data, processes, and administrative tasks into logically defined domains. Domain Separation is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [Encryption Release Notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/encryption-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Encryption Key Management application protects your data by using encryption, tightly controlled key access, National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) 800-57-based key life-cycle management, and FIPS 140-2-L3 validated key protection. Encryption Key Management was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Encryption Key Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/encryption-key-mgmt-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Encryption Key Management application protects your data by using encryption, tightly controlled key access, National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) 800-57-based key life-cycle management, and FIPS 140-2-L3 key protection. Encryption Key Management was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Identity release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/identity-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Identity application supports mechanisms that let you validate the identity of users. Identity was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Security Center release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/security-center-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Security Center empowers admins to maintain the highest level of security posture for their ServiceNow deployment with ease. Security Center was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [ServiceNow Vault release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/servicenow-vault-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Vault application provides a set of data security tools that protect sensitive information from unauthorized access, corruption, or theft throughout its entire life cycle. ServiceNow Vault was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Vault release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-vault-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Vault application generates custom data patterns, checks role access for an encrypted column, and schedules data discovery jobs. Now Assist for Vault can make it easier for admins to run common tasks without going to multiple systems. Now Assist for Vault is a new application in the Zurich release.
        - [ServiceNow AI Platform user interface release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-platform-ui-rn-landing.md) -- ServiceNow AI Platform user interface product enhancements and updates in the Zurich release.
          - [Adoption Services release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/adoption-services-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Adoption Services application is a suite of solutions, both products and features, that provide user support and critical information when a user needs it most. Adoption Services was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Configurable Workspace release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/workspace-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Configurable Workspace application provides tools to agents, case managers, help desk professionals, and managers for answering customer questions and resolving customer problems. Configurable Workspace was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Next Experience release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/next-experience-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Next Experience application delivers an intuitive, personalized experience that enables your organization to drive productivity, improve engagement, and inspire learning with the ServiceNow AI Platform. Next Experience was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Service Portal release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/service-portal-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Service Portal application enables you to build mobile-friendly self-service experiences for your customers and employees with a simple-to-use modular portal framework. Service Portal was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Theme Builder release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/theme-builder-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Theme Builder application enables you to customize the visual experience for your users so that you can update the look and feel to be more like your brand. Theme Builder was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
        - [ServiceNow AI Platform capabilities release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-platform-capabilities-rn-landing.md) -- ServiceNow AI Platform capabilities were enhancements and updates in the Zurich release.
          - [Advanced Work Assignment (AWA) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/advanced-work-assignment-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Advanced Work Assignment (AWA) application automatically assigns work items to your agents based on their availability, capacity, and optionally, skills. AWA was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Automated Test Framework release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/automated-test-framework-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Automated Test Framework enables you to create and run automated tests to confirm that your modified instance works after an upgrade, during application development, or when deploying instance configurations with update sets. Review failed test results to identify the changes that caused the failure and the changes that you should review. Automated Test Framework was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Configuration Management Database (CMDB) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/cmdb-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Configuration Management Database (CMDB) application stores data about the infrastructure of your organization. CMDB was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for CMDB release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-cmdb-rn.md) -- The Now Assist for CMDB application enables you to improve the quality of CMDB data, search the CMDB quickly, find and remedy issues with Service Graph Connector import sets, view comprehensive summaries for configuration items (CIs), accelerate the process of remediating duplicate CIs, and manually create CIs. Now Assist for CMDB was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Document Services release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/document-services-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Document Services application provides a broad range of services that are related to document management, such as creating, maintaining, and converting documents, as well as integrating with third parties like Microsoft SharePoint. Document Services was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Hermes Messaging Service release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/hermes-messaging-service-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Hermes Messaging Service application enables you to integrate your Apache Kafka environment with your ServiceNow instance. Hermes Messaging Service was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Instance Data Replication release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/instance-data-replication-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Instance Data Replication (IDR) application simplifies the data replication process between instances. Instance Data Replication was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Knowledge Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/knowledge-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Knowledge Management application enables you to share Knowledge articles that provide users with information for self-help, troubleshooting, and task resolution. Knowledge Management was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Service Catalog release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/service-catalog-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Service Catalog application provides a requester view of the available services and products offered by the departments within your organization. Service Catalog was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [MID Server release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/mid-server-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow MID Server application enables communication and data transfers between a ServiceNow instance and external applications, data sources, and services. MID Server was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Notify release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/notify-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Notify application adds support for SMS and voice channels on the ServiceNow AI Platform to communicate with customers. Notify was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Password Reset release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/password-reset-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Password Reset application enables you to set up your end users to reset and change their passwords either using self-service or with the help of a service desk agent. Password Reset was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Knowledge Center release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/knowledge-center-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Knowledge Center helps you manage your knowledge articles from a single interface. It consists of dashboards that provide metrics of articles and facilitate swift actions. Knowledge Center is introduced in the Zurich release.
        - [Source-to-Pay Operations release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/source-to-pay-operations-rn-landing.md) -- Source-to-Pay Operations has new and updated features in the Zurich release.
          - [Accounts Payable Operations release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/accounts-payable-operations-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Accounts Payable Operations application enables accounts payable specialists to automate cost allocations in the invoice lines using distribution sets. The AI-powered agent provides business owner recommendations for non-PO invoices based on historical patterns. The Accounts Payable Operations was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Source-to-Pay Operations release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-source-to-pay-operations-rn.md) -- The Now Assist for Source-to-Pay Operations application includes improved AI search, enhanced AI agents, and Summarization skills for fulfillers on the ServiceNow AI Platform. The Now Assist for Source-to-Pay Operations were updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Sourcing and Procurement Operations release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/sourcing-procurement-operations-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Sourcing and Procurement Operations application provides your employees with a simple automated tool that they can use to shop for goods and services that they need at work. Sourcing and Procurement Operations was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Purchase Order Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/purchase-order-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Purchase Order Management application helps identifying, tracking, and resolving anomalies or irregularities in the purchase order execution process. Purchase Order Management is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [Source-to-Pay Operations Integrations release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/source-to-pay-integrations-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Source-to-Pay Operations extends its capabilities by integrating with third-party applications. The Source-to-Pay Operations integration with SAP, Oracle EBS, Coupa, and SAP Ariba are new applications in the Zurich release.
          - [Supplier Lifecycle Operations release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/supplier-lifecycle-operations-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Supplier Lifecycle Operations application enables you to quickly onboard and collaborate with suppliers, manage supplier relationships, monitor risk, compliance, and performance across the supplier life cycle. Supplier Lifecycle Operations was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
        - [Strategic Portfolio Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/it-business-management-rn-landing.md) -- Strategic Portfolio Management (formerly IT Business Management) has new and updated features in the Zurich release.
          - [Collaborative Work Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/collaborative-work-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Collaborative Work Management (CWM) application provides a central hub to plan, visualize, and collaborate on work with team members across your organization. CWM was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Goal Framework for SPM release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/goal-framework-for-spm-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Goal Framework for SPM application enables you to automate the actual value of your targets for the goals that are defined using the ServiceNow Goal Framework application. Goal Framework for SPM was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Goal Framework release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/goal-framework-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Goal Framework application enables your business to create goals, set targets for them, and evaluate the progress of the goals and targets to accomplish your organizational plans and drive business outcomes. Goal Framework was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Collaborative Work Management (CWM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-collaborative-work-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Collaborative Work Management (CWM) application uses generative AI skills to improve the time to value for tasks you perform in CWM. Now Assist for CWM is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Strategic Portfolio Management (SPM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-spm-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Strategic Portfolio Management (SPM) application introduces generative AI skills into Strategic Portfolio Management. You can summarize feedback or content in Docs, create stories for epics, generate project insights, create demands through conversations, and quickly gain updates into projects. Now Assist for Strategic Portfolio Management (SPM) was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Portfolio Planning release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/portfolio-planning-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Portfolio Planning application helps you enhance traditional product and portfolio management by visualizing the alignment of work with organizational objectives. Portfolio Planning was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Project Portfolio Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/project-portfolio-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Project Portfolio Management application enables you to create and manage a wide range of planning items from a few small tasks to large portfolios of projects. Project Portfolio Management was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Project Workspace release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/project-workspace-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Project Workspace application provides an intuitive user experience that enables project managers to plan and manage their projects. Project Workspace was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Resource Management Workspace release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/resource-management-workspace-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Resource Management Workspace application provides resource managers with a more efficient way to work with a dedicated workspace to view and manage resource assignments. Resource Management Workspace was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Strategic Planning release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/strategic-planning-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Strategic Planning application helps you accomplish end-to-end planning using a single workspace. Strategic Planning was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
        - [Telecommunications, Media, and Technology release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/technology-industry-rn-landing.md) -- ServiceNow Telecommunications, Media, and Technology has new and updated applications and features in the Zurich release.
          - [Customer Service Problem Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/customer-service-problem-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Customer Service Problem Management application helps customer to identify and resolve service problems. Automatically suggests relevant diagnostic tests, as configured by admin, to check the service quality and troubleshoot the problem effectively. After identifying the root cause, the application helps generate a repair task based on the test outcomes, leading to a successful resolution. Customer Service Problem Management was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Customer Success Management release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/account-lifecycle-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Customer Success Management application helps you to streamline your onboarding process, define and track objectives and outcomes, identify and mitigate risks, and increase renewal rates. Customer Success Management was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Field Service Management for Telecommunication release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/field-service-management-telecommunication-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Field Service Management for Telecommunication application enables you to manage the field service workflow for the telecommunication industry. Field Service Management for Telecommunication was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Telecommunications, Media and Technology (TMT) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-for-tmt-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Telecommunications, Media and Technology (TMT) application enriches purpose-built industry workflows with generative AI to supercharge insights, actions, and self-service experiences. Now Assist for Telecommunications, Media and Technology (TMT) was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Now Assist for Sales CRM for Telecommunications release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/now-assist-somt-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Now Assist for Sales CRM for Telecommunications application enriches purpose-built industry workflows with generative AI to supercharge insights, actions, and self-service experiences. Now Assist for Sales CRM for Telecommunications is a new application in the Zurich release.
          - [Proactive Service Experience Workflows release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/proactive-service-experience-worflows-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Proactive Service Experience Workflows helps your technical support teams identify your impacted customers, communicate directly with them, escalate a case if needed, and auto-generate cases for faster issue resolution. Proactive Service Experience Workflows was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Service Exchange release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/service-bridge-rn.md) -- ServiceNow Service Exchange will be renamed for the 2026 Australia release and will maintain the same functionality. This application enables providers and consumers to connect and track services directly between instances without having to configure and maintain custom integrations. Service Exchange was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Telecommunications Network Inventory release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/telecommunications-network-inventory-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Telecommunications Network Inventory application enables network planners to model physical, logical, or virtual networks, support datacenter infrastructure management, and perform design and assign services. Telecommunications Network Inventory was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
          - [Telecommunications Service Operations Management (TSOM) release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/telecommunications-service-operations-management-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Telecommunications Service Operations Management (TSOM) application provides visibility into network infrastructure and enables service providers to streamline data accuracy across systems. It supports proactive issue detection, reduces downtime risk, and enables faster, data-driven decisions. Telecommunications Service Operations Management (TSOM) was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
      - [Release notes summaries for Zurich features](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/release-notes-summaries.md) -- Consolidated release notes information for new and updated Zurich features.
        - [Highlights for all Zurich features and products](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/rn-summary-highlights.md) -- Cumulative release notes summary on highlights of Zurich features and products.
        - [Upgrade information for all Zurich features and products](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/rn-summary-upgrade-info.md) -- Cumulative release notes summary on upgrade information for Zurich features and products.
        - [New features and products in Zurich](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/rn-summary-new-features.md) -- Cumulative release notes summary on new Zurich features and products.
        - [Changes to Zurich features and products](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/rn-summary-changes.md) -- Cumulative release notes summary on changes to Zurich features and products.
        - [Removed features and products in Zurich](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/rn-summary-removed-features.md) -- Cumulative release notes summary on features that were removed from Zurich features and products.
        - [Deprecation information for all Zurich features and products](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/rn-summary-deprecated-info.md) -- Cumulative release notes summary on deprecation information for Zurich features and products.
        - [Activation information for all Zurich features and products](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/rn-summary-activation-info.md) -- Cumulative release notes summary on activation information for Zurich features and products.
        - [Additional requirements for all Zurich features and products](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/rn-summary-addtl-reqs.md) -- Cumulative release notes summary on additional requirements for Zurich features and products.
        - [Browser requirements for all Zurich features and products](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/rn-summary-browser-reqs.md) -- Cumulative release notes summary on browser requirements for Zurich features and products.
        - [Accessibility information for all Zurich features and products](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/rn-summary-accessibility.md) -- Cumulative release notes summary on accessibility information for Zurich features and products. Some products have specific accessibility information or exceptions.
        - [Product localization information in Zurich](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/rn-summary-localization.md) -- Cumulative release notes summary on new Zurich features and products.
      - [Changes to plugins in the Zurich release](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/plugin-changes.md) -- This table lists the existing plugins that were deprecated, planned for deprecation, renamed, or changed in some way.
        - [Deprecated plugins](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/plugin-changes.md) -- This table lists the existing plugins that were deprecated, planned for deprecation, renamed, or changed in some way.
        - [Plugins planned for deprecation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/plugin-changes.md) -- This table lists the existing plugins that were deprecated, planned for deprecation, renamed, or changed in some way.
        - [Renamed and changed plugins](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/plugin-changes.md) -- This table lists the existing plugins that were deprecated, planned for deprecation, renamed, or changed in some way.
        - [Plugins in maintenance mode](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/plugin-changes.md) -- This table lists the existing plugins that were deprecated, planned for deprecation, renamed, or changed in some way.
    - [Release notes for upgrading from Xanadu](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/rn-n-2-landing-page.md) -- When you upgrade from the Xanadu release, understand the fixes in each release version, notable changes for the user interface, browser support, plugin updates, and each feature's upgrade and migration tasks if applicable.
      - [Combined product release notes for upgrades from Xanadu to Zurich](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/zurich-xanadu-combined-release-notes.md) -- To help you upgrade from Xanadu to Zurich, we have combined the cross-family release notes for each product onto one page. Select the products you have to customize the release notes results.
      - [Changes to plugins from Xanadu to Zurich](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/plugin-changes-x-to-z.md) -- Before you upgrade from Xanadu to Zurich, read the release notes for information about new plugins and existing plugins that were deprecated, renamed, or changed in some way.
        - [Deprecated plugins from Xanadu to Zurich](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/plugin-changes-x-to-z.md) -- Before you upgrade from Xanadu to Zurich, read the release notes for information about new plugins and existing plugins that were deprecated, renamed, or changed in some way.
        - [Plugins planned for deprecation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/plugin-changes-x-to-z.md) -- Before you upgrade from Xanadu to Zurich, read the release notes for information about new plugins and existing plugins that were deprecated, renamed, or changed in some way.
        - [Renamed and changed plugins from Xanadu to Zurich](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/plugin-changes-x-to-z.md) -- Before you upgrade from Xanadu to Zurich, read the release notes for information about new plugins and existing plugins that were deprecated, renamed, or changed in some way.
        - [Plugins in maintenance mode](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/plugin-changes-x-to-z.md) -- Before you upgrade from Xanadu to Zurich, read the release notes for information about new plugins and existing plugins that were deprecated, renamed, or changed in some way.
    - [Release notes for upgrading from Washington DC](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/rn-n-3-landing-page.md) -- When you upgrade from the Washington DC release, understand the fixes in each release version, notable changes for the user interface, browser support, plugin updates, and each feature's upgrade and migration tasks if applicable.
      - [Combined product release notes for upgrades from Washington DC to Zurich](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/zurich-washingtondc-combined-release-notes.md) -- To help you upgrade from Washington DC to Zurich, we have combined the cross-family release notes for each product onto one page. Select the products you have to customize the release notes results.
      - [Changes to plugins from Washington DC to Zurich](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/plugin-changes-w-to-z.md) -- Before you upgrade from Washington DC to Zurich, read the release notes for information about new plugins and existing plugins that were deprecated, renamed, or changed in some way.
        - [Deprecated plugins from Washington DC to Zurich](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/plugin-changes-w-to-z.md) -- Before you upgrade from Washington DC to Zurich, read the release notes for information about new plugins and existing plugins that were deprecated, renamed, or changed in some way.
        - [Plugins planned for deprecation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/plugin-changes-w-to-z.md) -- Before you upgrade from Washington DC to Zurich, read the release notes for information about new plugins and existing plugins that were deprecated, renamed, or changed in some way.
        - [Renamed and changed plugins from Washington DC to Zurich](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/plugin-changes-w-to-z.md) -- Before you upgrade from Washington DC to Zurich, read the release notes for information about new plugins and existing plugins that were deprecated, renamed, or changed in some way.
        - [Plugins in maintenance mode](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/plugin-changes-w-to-z.md) -- Before you upgrade from Washington DC to Zurich, read the release notes for information about new plugins and existing plugins that were deprecated, renamed, or changed in some way.
    - [Personalized PRB release notes for upgrades to Zurich](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/zurich-summary-fixes.md) -- If you are thinking about upgrading to the Zurich family, problem (PRB) fixes can be an important factor in your upgrade plans. Compare the lists of fixed problems across various Zurich upgrade scenarios to help you decide which release version to upgrade to.
    - [Available patches and hotfixes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/available-versions.md) -- The Zurich family includes patches and hotfixes.
      - [Zurich Patch 10](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/zurich-patch-10.md) -- The Zurich Patch 10 release contains important problem fixes.
      - [Zurich Patch 9 Hotfix 2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/zurich-patch-9-hf-2-PO.md) -- The Zurich Patch 9 Hotfix 2 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Zurich Patch 9 Hotfix 1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/zurich-patch-9-hf-1.md) -- The Zurich Patch 9 Hotfix 1 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Zurich Patch 9](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/zurich-patch-9.md) -- The Zurich Patch 9 release contains important problem fixes.
      - [Zurich Patch 8 Hotfix 2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/zurich-patch-8-hf-2-PO.md) -- The Zurich Patch 8 Hotfix 2 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Zurich Patch 8](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/zurich-patch-8.md) -- The Zurich Patch 8 release contains important problem fixes.
      - [Zurich Patch 7b Hotfix 1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/zurich-patch-7b-hf-1.md) -- The Zurich Patch 7b Hotfix 1 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Zurich Patch 7a Hotfix 1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/zurich-patch-7a-hf-1-PO.md) -- The Zurich Patch 7a Hotfix 1 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Zurich Patch 7 Hotfix 1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/zurich-patch-7-hf-1-PO.md) -- The Zurich Patch 7 Hotfix 1 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Zurich Patch 7](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/zurich-patch-7.md) -- The Zurich Patch 7 release contains important problem fixes.
      - [Zurich Patch 6 Hotfix 2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/zurich-patch-6-hf-2.md) -- The Zurich Patch 6 Hotfix 2 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Zurich Patch 6 Hotfix 1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/zurich-patch-6-hf-1.md) -- The Zurich Patch 6 Hotfix 1 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Zurich Patch 6](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/zurich-patch-6.md) -- The Zurich Patch 6 release contains important problem fixes.
      - [Zurich Patch 5 Hotfix 1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/zurich-patch-5-hf-1-PO.md) -- The Zurich Patch 5 Hotfix 1 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Zurich Patch 5](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/zurich-patch-5.md) -- The Zurich Patch 5 release contains important problem fixes.
      - [Zurich Patch 4 Hotfix 6](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/zurich-patch-4-hf-6-PO.md) -- The Zurich Patch 4 Hotfix 6 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Zurich Patch 4 Hotfix 5](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/zurich-patch-4-hf-5-PO.md) -- The Zurich Patch 4 Hotfix 5 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Zurich Patch 4 Hotfix 4b](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/zurich-patch-4-hf-4b-PO.md) -- The Zurich Patch 4 Hotfix 4b release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Zurich Patch 4 Hotfix 1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/zurich-patch-4-hf-1.md) -- The Zurich Patch 4 Hotfix 1 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Zurich Patch 4](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/zurich-patch-4.md) -- The Zurich Patch 4 release contains important problem fixes.
      - [Zurich Patch 3 Hotfix 3](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/zurich-patch-3-hf-3.md) -- The Zurich Patch 3 Hotfix 3 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Zurich Patch 3 Hotfix 2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/zurich-patch-3-hf-2.md) -- The Zurich Patch 3 Hotfix 2 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Zurich Patch 3 Hotfix 1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/zurich-patch-3-hf-1-PO.md) -- The Zurich Patch 3 Hotfix 1 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Zurich Patch 3](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/zurich-patch-3.md) -- The Zurich Patch 3 release contains important problem fixes.
      - [Zurich Patch 2 Hotfix 3](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/zurich-patch-2-hf-3-PO.md) -- The Zurich Patch 2 Hotfix 3 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Zurich Patch 2 Hotfix 2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/zurich-patch-2-hf-2-PO.md) -- The Zurich Patch 2 Hotfix 2 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Zurich Patch 2 Hotfix 1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/zurich-patch-2-hf-1-PO.md) -- The Zurich Patch 2 Hotfix 1 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Zurich Patch 2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/zurich-patch-2.md) -- The Zurich Patch 2 release contains important problem fixes.
      - [Zurich Patch 1 Hotfix 2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/zurich-patch-1-hf-2-PO.md) -- The Zurich Patch 1 Hotfix 2 release contains fixes to these problems.
      - [Zurich Patch 1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/zurich-patch-1.md) -- The Zurich Patch 1 release contains important problem fixes.
      - [Zurich security and notable fixes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/zurich-security-notables.md) -- The Zurich release contains important problem fixes.
      - [All other Zurich fixes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/zurich-all-other-fixes.md) -- The Zurich release contains important problem fixes.
    - [Browser support](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/browser-support.md) -- Browser support varies for each version of the user interface (UI). Some features have additional browser requirements, which are noted in the appropriate documentation.
      - [Sidebar release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/sidebar-rn.md) -- The ServiceNow Sidebar application enables agents and subject matter experts to collaborate on user issues. Sidebar was enhanced and updated in the Zurich release.
    - [Accessibility and conformance](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/r_Accessibility508Compliance.md) -- Learn about accessibility updates and improvements completed for the Zurich family release.
  - [Prepare your upgrade](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/rn-prepare-landing-page.md) -- Before each upgrade, refresh your memory on general upgrade information, learn which important pre- and post- upgrade tasks apply to your upgrade, and learn how to use ServiceNow products and tools to make your experience easier.
    - [ServiceNow upgrades](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/upgrade.md) -- The upgrade process moves your instance to a new ServiceNow release version. Understand the difference between upgrading and patching, release definitions, rollback and backup options, and how to test your non-production and production instance upgrades.
    - [Pre- and post-upgrade tasks for various products](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/upgrade-and-migration-tasks.md) -- In preparation for your upgrade, review the upgrade and migration tasks for various applications and features. Plan to complete these tasks, when applicable, before or after the upgrade is complete.
    - [Upgrade planning checklist](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/upgrades-planning-checklist.md) -- Plan and track the activities related to your ServiceNow instance upgrade. To help ensure that you complete all the tasks for a successful upgrade, follow the step-by-step instructions in the upgrade planning checklist to track and plan the upgrade.
    - [Upgrade tools and resources](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/upgrade-tools.md) -- Learn about ServiceNow products and tools that can improve your upgrade experience.
    - [Upgrades and the ServiceNow Store](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/upgrades-store.md) -- The ServiceNow Store includes official applications that are developed and released by ServiceNow. Users can download, access, and configure Zurich apps on their instances. Store application versions can be upgraded when you upgrade your instance to a new release version.
  - [Upgrade to the Zurich release](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/upgrades-overview.md) -- Upgrading and patching your instance requires planning, testing, and validation. To ensure a safe and effective upgrade, read the release notes, create upgrade plans, and test your upgrade on non-production instances before upgrading your production instance.
    - [Phase 1 - Read the release notes and plan your upgrade](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/upgrades-phase-1.md) -- Before you begin the upgrade process, it is essential to read the release notes for your target version so you understand the required upgrade and migration tasks. This information helps you plan a safe and effective upgrade.
    - [Phase 2 - Prepare for the development instance upgrade](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/upgrades-phase-2.md) -- For a better understanding of your production upgrade duration, request a full clone of your production instance (including large tables and attachments) onto a non-production instance. Confirm your current and target release versions, because you will later use this information when scheduling your upgrade in Now Support.
    - [Phase 3 - Verify your upgrade configurations and schedule the development instance upgrade in Now Support](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/upgrades-phase-3.md) -- Check the configuration of the Check distribution for possible upgrade scheduled job to view how often and when it runs. Review information about timing your upgrade in coordination with the Check distribution for possible upgrade scheduled job. Then, schedule your upgrade in Now Support.
    - [Phase 4 - Upgrade and validate the development instance](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/upgrades-phase-4.md) -- Track the progress of your upgrades with the Upgrade Monitor. For your first non-production instance upgrade (your development instance), use the Upgrade Monitor to process the skipped list of records that were not addressed in the upgrade. Then identify your update sets and perform functional testing.
    - [Phase 5 - If applicable: Upgrade and validate your other non-production instances, such as your test instance](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/upgrades-phase-5.md) -- After you've configured and refined your development instance, request to upgrade any other non-production instances you have, such as a test instance. Immediately after the upgrade is complete, apply the post-upgrade changes made to your development instance, including activating optional plugins, installing and upgrading applications, and applying update sets.
    - [Phase 6 - Prepare to upgrade the production instance](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/upgrades-phase-6.md) -- After you have configured and refined your test environment to be a good representation of your production environment, prepare to upgrade your production instance.
    - [Phase 7 - Upgrade the production instance](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/release-notes/upgrades-phase-7.md) -- After you have upgraded your development, non-production, and test instances, upgrade your production instance last. Then validate that the upgrade was complete, apply update sets and fix scripts, and perform post-upgrade user acceptance testing (UAT).
