---
title: Upload a workplace floor plan
description: Upload Drawing eXchange Format \(.dxf\) files of floor plans that you can configure and use to reserve space for your employees.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/zurich/employee-service-management/safe-workplace/upload-workplace-floor-map.html
release: zurich
product: Safe Workplace
classification: safe-workplace
topic_type: task
last_updated: "2025-07-31"
reading_time_minutes: 4
breadcrumb: [Providing your workplace data, Workplace Core, Safe Workplace, Health and Safety, Employee Service Management]
---

# Upload a workplace floor plan

Upload Drawing eXchange Format \(.dxf\) files of floor plans that you can configure and use to reserve space for your employees.

## Before you begin

Use workplace floor maps to find and reserve a space within Workplace Core. To view the maps in the Location directory and within Workplace Reservation Management, use Mappedin and Indoor Mapping. For more information on how to use floor maps, refer to [Workplace Space Mapping](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/employee-service-management/wsm-mappedin-admin.md).

To avoid issues while rendering your floor plan, verify that the dxf.json attachment size is 5 MB or smaller. To view the size, download the dxf.json file and view the file properties. If the file size is larger than 5 MB, you can:

-   Work with your AutoCAD designers to ensure that spaces are represented as blocks \(not single or multi-line text\).
-   Ensure that the block reference attributes are appropriately set and try to import the dxf.json file again.
-   Set the **com.glide.attachment.max\_get\_size** property to a size that is greater or equal to the dxf.json file size. For more information, see Administering attachments.

Role required: sn\_wsd\_core.workplace\_manager

## Procedure

1.  Navigate to **All** &gt; **Workplace Core** &gt; **Administration** &gt; **Upload Floor Plan**.

    In Workplace Core version 2.19.0 and above, the navigation path for **Upload floor plan** is not available in the application context menu search **All** &gt; **Workplace Core**.

    In Workplace Core version 2.18.11 and later, the navigation path is available in the application context menu search **All** &gt; **Workplace Core** &gt; **Upload floor plan**.

2.  On the form, fill in the fields.

<table id="table_l5h_yvp_zlb"><thead><tr><th>

Field

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

Number

</td><td>

A unique number automatically generated by the application that identifies the floor plan.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Name

</td><td>

Name of the floor plan.**Note:** Be specific and have a consistent naming convention when naming your floor plans.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Region

</td><td>

Geographic location of the building the floor plan represents.Select the Lookup using list icon \[Omitted image "search-icon.png"\] Alt text: Lookup using list icon to view a list of regions you can select.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Site

</td><td>

The location of the office or campus within a region.Select the Lookup using list icon \[Omitted image "search-icon.png"\] Alt text: Lookup using list icon to view a list of sites you can select.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Campus

</td><td>

Name of the campus if you have multiple buildings at a site.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Building

</td><td>

Name of the specific building if you have multiple buildings at a campus.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Active

</td><td>

Option to indicate the floor is active.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Is reservable

</td><td>

Option indicating whether the space manager can reserve this plan for employee use.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Managed by group

</td><td>

The group that manages the space reservation for the floor plan.Select the Lookup using list icon \[Omitted image "search-icon.png"\] Alt text: Lookup using list icon to view a list of groups you can select.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Managed by

</td><td>

The workplace manager of the group that manages the space reservation for the floor plan.Select the Lookup using list icon \[Omitted image "search-icon.png"\] Alt text: Lookup using list icon to view a list of group managers you can select.

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>3.  Select the attachment icon \[Omitted image "attach-icon.png"\] Alt text: Attach icon and upload your Drawing eXchange Format \(.dxf\) file.

    After you attach your .dxf file and import the floor plan, the .dxf file converts to a dxf.json file in your attachments. Don't remove any of these files or your floor plan does not appear. Also, the dxf.json file size must be 5 MB or smaller. Try selecting fewer layers from your .dxf file during the import process.

4.  Select **Next**.

5.  In the Select layers column on the right, select the layers that you want to appear the plan.

    For example, you might not want electrical rooms, kitchens, storage closets, or other elements to appear on the floor plan when it renders.

6.  Select **Render**.

    The floor plan appears under the **Preview plan** tab. Use your cursor to zoom in and out of the floor plan.

7.  Select **Next**.

8.  On the form, fill in the fields.

<table id="table_ty3_xqq_zlb"><thead><tr><th>

Field

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

AutoCAD tag

</td><td>

The tag you want to map to your space fields. Tags identify spaces on the floor plan and come from the uploaded .dxf file.The tags that appear are the ones you selected in the **Select layers** column.

 **Note:** If you do not see any AutoCAD tags, you can use AutoCAD software to change text or text objects into block references.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Space Field

</td><td>

The field in the Space \[sn\_wsd\_core\_space\] table with which you want to associate the tag. For example, you could associate an attribute named ROOM\_NAME with the **Name** field and give it a higher order so it is the second part of the Name.The Space Field represents a specific location on the floor plan that you can assign to an employee.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Order

</td><td>

Determines the order of processing for your AutoCAD tag to Space Field mapping.**Note:** Lower numbers process first.

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>9.  Select **Submit**.


## Result

A new floor record is created with the floor plan attached to it. The Spaces related list is populated with all the workspaces of this floor.

**Parent Topic:**[Providing your workplace data](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/employee-service-management/safe-workplace/providing-your-workplace-data.md)

