---
title: Configure event collection from Logicmonitor
description: The Logicmonitor pull connector sends information from Event Management to Logicmonitor. It sends responses received from a Push connector in a bi-directional environment to Logicmonitor.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/it-operations-management/event-management/configure-logic-monitor-connector.html
release: australia
product: Event Management
classification: event-management
topic_type: task
last_updated: "2026-03-12"
reading_time_minutes: 1
breadcrumb: [Configure a pull connector, Configure Event Management connectors, Event Management Integrations, Configuring Event Management, Event Management, ITOM AIOps, IT Operations Management]
---

# Configure event collection from Logicmonitor

The Logicmonitor pull connector sends information from Event Management to Logicmonitor. It sends responses received from a Push connector in a bi-directional environment to Logicmonitor.

## Before you begin

Role required: evt\_mgmt\_admin

## About this task

Starting from the Xanadu release, the OOTB \(Out-Of-The-Box\) rules provided with the connector, which you have not previously used \(i.e., neither activated, deactivated, nor modified\), will now have the**Apply additional matching rules**check box set to true. Previously, this check box was disabled. This change allows you to execute more event rules or automation using the same filter conditions for the connector.

**Note:** This feature applies only to active event rules.

## Procedure

1.  Navigate to**All** &gt; **Event Management** &gt; **Event Connectors \(Pull\)** &gt; **Connector Instances**.

2.  Click**New**.

    The**Connector Instance New Record**page appears.

3.  Enter values in the required fields, which are indicated by a red asterisk.

    |Field|Description|
    |-----|-----------|
    |**Name**|Descriptive name for the connector.|
    |**Connector definition**|Search for and select**Logic Monitor**.|
    |**Credential**|Select**Basic Auth**for basic authentication. Provide access\_id and access\_key from Logicmonitor's token based API authentication in the credentials as the basic authentication username and password.|
    |**Host IP**|The Logicmonitor IP address.|

    When adding bi-directional functionality for a Push connector, the Connector Instance name must match the Source Instance field of the event generated by that source.

    \[Omitted image "logicmonitor-list.png"\] Alt text: Connector Instance name matching Source Instance name

    The source of events is**logicmonitor**so you should create an instance with the name`logicmonitor`.\[Omitted image "logicmonitor-list-results.png"\] Alt text: Name is logicmonitor

    **Note:** The Update queue business rule in the Alert table identifies each manual update of the alert and updates the connector queue accordingly. By default, changes to all alert fields are tracked.

4.  Select the**Active**check box and click**Save**.

    The LogicMonitor pull connector does not retrieve Events or populate the Events \[em\_event\] table.


**Parent Topic:**[Configure a pull connector](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/it-operations-management/event-management/t_EMConfigureConnectorInstance.md)

