---
title: Configure Root cause correlation alerts
description: Configure Root Cause Correlation \(RCC\) alerts to start receiving the Root Cause Analysis \(RCA\) reports for these alerts.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/impact/configure-rcc-alerts.html
release: australia
product: Impact
classification: impact
topic_type: task
last_updated: "2026-03-12"
reading_time_minutes: 1
breadcrumb: [Generative AI powered Root cause analysis, Monitoring instance health with Instance Observer, Platform Health, Using Impact, Impact]
---

# Configure Root cause correlation alerts

Configure Root Cause Correlation \(RCC\) alerts to start receiving the Root Cause Analysis \(RCA\) reports for these alerts.

## Before you begin

Role required: admin

## Procedure

1.  Navigate to **Impact** &gt; **Platform Health** &gt; **Monitor** &gt; **Instance Observer**.

2.  From the **Alerts** menu, select **Alerts Console**.

3.  Select a production instance.

4.  Select **Get Snapshot**.

    Information about the alerts is listed in the table.

5.  Select the reporting options:

    -   Instance
    -   Date range
    -   Metrics
    -   Options:
        -   Self-Service Alerts
        -   Diagnostic Events
    -   Add-ons
6.  Fine tune the alerts using the listed options.

    For example

    -   Set a threshold that triggers an alert if the transaction count anomalies persist for more than 10 minutes, or exceeds a certain number of standard deviations from the mean continuously for more than 10 minutes above or below the range, respectively. Job anomalies target the top X % of anomalous jobs based on the execution time and track the details of those jobs.
    -   Test and fine tune the alerting by simulating persistence time, choose the window of an anomaly 5, 10, 15 minutes, and so on, or select the top 5, 10, or 15 percentage of jobs and verify that alerts are triggered correctly. Adjust the alert threshold, if necessary, to verify that the system provides meaningful and actionable alerts.
    -   Choose the appropriate method for sending alerts based on your requirements, either email notifications, SMS messages, or integration.
    -   Continuously monitor the alerts generated by the system. Regularly review the anomalies detected to understand the underlying causes and take appropriate actions, such as investigating potential issues or performing further analysis.

**Parent Topic:**[Generative AI powered Root cause analysis](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/australia/markdown/impact/generative-ai-root-cause-anal.md)

