---
title: Use popular alerts to receive notifications – Advanced and Total users
description: Get started with the popular alerts that are most widely used to receive notifications about your instance performance if you’re new to the Instance Observer \(IO\) alerting system. The most popular alerts appear on the first page of your Configure Alerts page.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/zurich/impact/io-alerts-popular-total-adv-cust.html
release: zurich
product: Impact
classification: impact
topic_type: task
last_updated: "2025-07-31"
reading_time_minutes: 1
keywords: [Popular alerts]
breadcrumb: [Alerts in Instance Observer, Overview of Instance Observer, Platform Health, Using Impact, Impact]
---

# Use popular alerts to receive notifications – Advanced and Total users

Get started with the popular alerts that are most widely used to receive notifications about your instance performance if you’re new to the Instance Observer \(IO\) alerting system. The most popular alerts appear on the first page of your Configure Alerts page.

## Before you begin

Role required: admin

## About this task

Out of the 45 or more alerts that are available, the most popular ones are listed for you to get started with the IO alerting system. To view the rest of the alerts, navigate to the subsequent pages in the pagination list of the user interface. You can configure alerts and customize the types of notifications on your instances to receive timely alerts that enable you to monitor the instance performance.

## Procedure

1.  Navigate to **Impact** &gt; **Platform Health** &gt; **Monitor** &gt; **Go to Instance Observer**.

2.  Log in to Instance Observer and navigate to **Alerts** &gt; **Configure Alerts**.

    If you’re an Impact Advanced or Total tier customer, then the eight most popular alerts that are trending and commonly used appear on the first page of Configure Alerts page under **All Alerts** tab. Alert cards that have \[Omitted image "io-popular-alert-icon.png"\] Alt text: most used alert by customers icon. icon are the most popular ones.

    **Note:** None of the alerts is configured by default. You must configure them for them to appear in the **My Configured Alerts** tab for your reference. Alerts that you have not configured appear in the **Alerts Not Configured** tab.

    \[Omitted image "io-popular-alerts-adv-tot-cust.png"\] Alt text: Popular alerts in the All alerts page for Advanced and Total Impact users.

    System-recommended alerts indicated by \[Omitted image "io-popular-recommended-alert.png"\] Alt text: recommended alert icon. icon are generated by advanced statistical analysis on four weeks of instance data. They’re tailored to your environment and recommended for you.

3.  To configure an alert, select \[Omitted image "io-popular-configured-icon.png"\] Alt text: configure icon. icon in the alert card.

    If you don’t want the alert to be configured, then select the icon that works as a toggle. After you toggle the icon, the **Not Configured** tag appears on the alert card.

4.  Hover over \[Omitted image "io-popular-alert-icon.png"\] Alt text: most used alert by customers icon., which indicates that it’s a popular alert, and select to customize your alert and notification preferences.


