---
title: User story integration
description: With Scan Engine, you can create agile tasks and stories directly from finding records using the multiple integration options.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/zurich/impact/user-story-integration-properties.html
release: zurich
topic_type: concept
last_updated: "2025-11-04"
reading_time_minutes: 2
breadcrumb: [Scan Engine integrations, Scan Engine, Platform Health, Using Impact, Impact]
---

# User story integration

With Scan Engine, you can create agile tasks and stories directly from finding records using the multiple integration options.

In User Story Integration, define a source instance and a target Instance. Source instances are those where findings are generated by the Scan Engine. Target instances are those where you create stories or tasks for tracking purposes. Development instances are common source instances and production is a common target instance, but this isn't a requirement.

-   Generate task records in a staging instance where the development instance would be source and staging would be the target with flexibility to assign source and target instances using the **My SN Instances** related list.
-   Once source and target instances are defined in the My SN Instance related list and validated, modify the necessary information on the User Story Integration tab.
-   Select ServiceNow Instance as the Integration type then choose a User story table to create task-type records.Typically Stories \(rm\_story\) from Agile 2.0 are used for reporting and tracking purposes.
-   The final step in the process is to configure the mapping of fields from the source to the target instance using User story field mapping.

Scan Engine supports the following integrations.

<table id="table_qn5_2wx_2hc"><thead><tr><th>

Integration

</th><th>

Description

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

[Configure instance user story integration](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/impact/sn-user-story-integration.md)

</td><td>

With Agile 2.0, map your instances so that they create stories in Production from findings in sub-prod environments.

</td></tr><tr><td>

[Configure Azure DevOps story integration](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/impact/configure-azure-devops-integration-options.md)

</td><td>

With Azure DevOps as a Storyboard, you can link your organization and project to create specific work items from findings. **Note:** An Azure configuration is required to set up this integration.

</td></tr><tr><td>

[Configure Jira user story integration](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/impact/configure-jira-integration-options.md)

</td><td>

With Jira as a storyboard, you can link your domain to create specific work items from findings.**Note:** A Jira configuration is required to set up this integration.

</td></tr><tr><td>

[Configure other integration options](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ServiceNow/ServiceNowDocs/zurich/markdown/zurich/impact/configure-other-integration-options.md)

</td><td>

Connect to any other integration option by providing a custom script to create the payload.

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>## ECMAScript 2021 \(ES12\) Mode

Turn on ECMAScript 2021 \(ES12\) mode to use ES12 for editing various script fields throughout the Scan Engine.

When modifying scripts within the Scan Engine properties form, there are various integrations which allow for this mode. Turning on ECMAScript 2021 \(ES12\) lets you use the latest supported JavaScript features in these integration scripts. Otherwise, you can only use the features supported by the application's JavaScript mode.

