---
title: Generate the resolution notes for an incident by using Now Assist for IT Service Management \(ITSM\)
description: Automatically generate the resolution notes for an incident on demand using the Now Assist context menu. You can improve the quality of the resolution notes by providing a summary of the root cause and the steps taken to resolve the issue. Generating resolution notes lets you provide information about the incident resolution to other agents who might encounter similar issues.
locale: en-US
canonical_url: https://www.servicenow.com/docs/r/it-service-management/now-assist-for-it-service-management-itsm/resolve-incident-now-assist.html
release: australia
product: Now Assist for IT Service Management \(ITSM\)
classification: now-assist-for-it-service-management-itsm
topic_type: task
last_updated: "2026-03-12"
reading_time_minutes: 3
keywords: [Now Assist, Agentic AI, generative AI, Gen AI]
breadcrumb: [Use generative AI skills, Now Assist for IT Service Management \(ITSM\), IT Service Management]
---

# Generate the resolution notes for an incident by using Now Assist for IT Service Management \(ITSM\)

Automatically generate the resolution notes for an incident on demand using the Now Assist context menu. You can improve the quality of the resolution notes by providing a summary of the root cause andthe steps taken to resolve the issue. Generating resolution notes lets you provide information about the incident resolution to other agents who might encounter similar issues.

## Before you begin

Role required: itil

## About this task

The Generating resolution notes skill is turned on by default. The skill will be automatically available to appropriate role users for the application.When new customers install a Now Assist product, designated skills are turned on automatically. For existing users who upgrade, there will be no change to the skill activation. For more information, see .

You can do these actions by using Now Assist icon:

-   Generate resolution notes that are based on the information in the incident.
-   Refine the resolution notes by elaborating or shortening them.

Incident resolution notes are generated from the information that you enter in the following fields:

-   Short description
-   Description
-   State
-   Work notes
-   Additional comments

**Note:** To change resolution notes generation from automatic to manual \(requiring user input\), set the trigger for the skill in the Now Assist Admin console.

You can generate incident resolution notes in Core UI and Service Operations Workspace for ITSM.

## Procedure

1.  In Core UI or Service Operations Workspace for ITSM, open an incident that is assigned to you.

2.  Select **Resolve**.

    -   One of the two types of icons, shown in the images below, display when the resolution notes is generated depending on how it is generated.

        -   The larger icon displays when the resolution notes is generated by Now Assist for ITSM.
        -   The smaller icon displays when the resolution notes is pre-filled in the incident and the **Resolve** button is selected.
        \[Omitted image "itsm-resolution-notes-big-loader.png"\] Alt text: Resolution notes generated by Now Assist for ITSM\[Omitted image "itsm-resolution-notes-small-loader.png"\] Alt text: Resolution notes are pre-filled in the incidents and the Resolve button is selected

    -   For automatic resolution notes generation, the **Resolution notes** field is updated in the Resolve dialog box using Now Assist.

        \[Omitted image "itsm-resolution-notes-generation.png"\] Alt text: Resolution notes for an incident.

    -   For user-triggered resolution notes, manual resolution notes are generated by selecting inside the **Resolution notes** field, and then selecting the Now Assist icon \[Omitted image "icon-ai-sparkle.png"\] Alt text: Now assist icon..

        \[Omitted image "now-assist-itsm-manual-res.png"\] Alt text: Now Assist for ITSM manual resolution notes.

        Resolution notes are generated in the Now Assist dialog box.

        You can perform these actions on the resolution notes:

        -   Select **Refine**: To elaborate or shorten.
        -   Select **Insert**: To paste into the Resolve window.
        \(Optional\) When you're finished generating the resolution notes manually, you can provide feedback, copy it, or view information about it.

<table id="table_wg5_42h_ddc"><thead><tr><th>

Option

</th><th>

Procedure

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>

Provide feedback for the resolution notes

</td><td>

If you think that the resolution notes were helpful, select the helpful icon \(\[Omitted image "icon-helpful.png"\] Alt text: Helpful icon.\). If you think that the resolution notes were not helpful, select the not helpful icon \(\[Omitted image "icon-not-helpful.png"\] Alt text: Not helpful icon.\).**Note:** This feedback improves the generative AI model and can help to improve future versions of this skill.

</td></tr><tr><td>

Copy the resolution notes

</td><td>

If you want to reuse the resolution notes, select the copy to clipboard icon \(\[Omitted image "icon-copy.png"\] Alt text: Copy to clipboard icon.\).

</td></tr><tr><td>

View the information about the resolution notes

</td><td>

If you want to check some details about the resolution notes, select the more info icon \(\[Omitted image "icon-more-info.png"\] Alt text: More info icon.\).

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>3.  Review the resolution summary in the **Resolution notes** field and make any necessary corrections.

    **Note:** Because the information in these fields is automatically generated, it's a good idea to review the text and make sure it's accurate.

4.  Update the resolution code in the **Resolution code** field and select **Resolve**.

    A resolution code categorizes how the incident is resolved. For example, Known error and Solved \(Permanently\).

    The resolution information is updated and the state of the incident is set to Resolved.

5.  In Core UI or Service Operations Workspace for ITSM, resolve the incident by changing its state.

<table id="choicetable_uh4_l1f_xyb"><thead><tr><th align="left" id="d184645e395">

Interface

</th><th align="left" id="d184645e398">

Procedure

</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td id="d184645e404">

**Core UI**

</td><td>

1.  Change the state to Resolved. The Resolve dialog box is displayed with the generated resolution notes.
2.  Update the resolution code and select **Resolve**. The resolution summary is displayed in the **Resolution Information** tab on the Incident form.


</td></tr><tr><td id="d184645e429">

**Service Operations Workspace for ITSM**

</td><td>

In the **Details** tab of the incident, change the state to Resolved. The resolution summary is updated in the Resolution section of the **Details** tab.

</td></tr></tbody>
</table>
